Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Pictures
Silas F. (Si) Seadler, for 40 years Eastern advertising manager for Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Pictures, died Feb. 19 in Poconos Hospital in Stroudsburg, Pa.

Clarence LeRoy
Clarence LeRoy Holte, who assembled what was thought to be the largest private collection of books on black history and culture, died on Friday in Oakland, Calif. Mr. Holte was 85 and lived in Oakland.

Carolyn George
Carolyn George d'Amboise, a photographer and a former soloist with the New York City Ballet whose high-flying, witty performances contributed to the young company's early impact in the 1950s, died on Tuesday at her home in Manhattan.

(??)
Joyce Ann Brown's
It was Joyce Ann Brown's great misfortune that long before the 1980 robbery and murder that altered her life forever, she had been arrested on an unrelated charge.

<name not found>
What began 14 years ago as a narrowly economic summit meeting was leavened this year by politics - to everyone's benefit. Indeed, this time the seven leaders glossed over the economic issues that divide them.

<name not found>
The rogues of sport are legion. Gifted, charismatic and reckless, they burn with hubris, flout convention, seize championships and rouse fans.

Maya Angelou
Judy Feiffer, a photographer, novelist and book editor who fostered best-selling memoirs by two fledgling authors, ''I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings'' by Maya Angelou and ''Mommie Dearest'' by Christina Crawford, died on June 27 at her home in Manhattan.

Tokyo Rose
Sometimes Tokyo Rose was the best thing on the radio -- if you were an American serviceman overseas during World War II. You put up with her demoralizing pro-Japanese propaganda to hear the popular music.

Gen. Van Tien Dung
Gen. Van Tien Dung, commander of the Communist offensive that captured Saigon to end the Vietnam War, died on Sunday.

Omar Torrijos Herrera
Jose de Jesus Martinez, poet, playwright, philosopher and mathematician and a former aide to the late Gen. Omar Torrijos Herrera, the Panamanian leader, died on Sunday at his home in Panama.

The Brady Bunch
Sherwood Schwartz, who created ''Gilligan's Island'' and ''The Brady Bunch,'' two of the most affectionately ridiculed and enduring television sitcoms of the 1960s and '70s, died on Tuesday in Los Angeles.

(??)
Dilcy Hawkins
The Transit Patrolmen's Benevolent Association blamed faulty radio communication yesterday for the plight of an officer who was assaulted on Tuesday evening by a suspected fare-beater in a Greenwich Village subway station. The officer, Dilcy Hawkins, used her walkie-talkie to call for assistance at 8:30 P.M. when the suspect punched her in the face after she told him to go back to the turnstile at the Christopher Street IRT station and pay his fare.

