-----------------430-----------------------

Edwin Joel Thomas, who was born here and grew up to become president and then chief executive officer and chairman of the Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company, died Tuesday at the Akron General Medical Center. He was 87 years old.

Mr. Thomas served 16 years as president of the world's largest tire manufacturer, and his total service with Goodyear covered 55 years. His career began in May 1916, shortly before he was graduated from the local high school, as a part-time clerk.

Mr. Thomas was elected president in 1940, chief executive officer in 1956 and chairman in 1958. He retired from Goodyear in 1964 and from the company's board of directors in 1971.

He also was a director of the Procter & Gamble Company for 14 years, the Armco Steel Corporation for 6 years, and Knight-Ridder Newspapers for 17 years.

-----------------555-----------------------

Vincent R. Impellitteri, an immigrant cobbler's son who defied the Democratic machine of Tammany Hall and became Mayor of New York from 1950 to 1953, died of heart failure yesterday at Bridgeport (Conn.) Hospital. He was 86 years old.

Mr. Impellitteri, who retired as a Criminal Court judge in 1965, had been ill with Parkinson's disease for the last four years and, though he maintained a residence at the New York Athletic Club, had stayed in convalescent homes, most recently the Carolton Convalescent Hospital in Fairfield, Conn. He entered Bridgeport Hospital early this week with an infection and died at 2:40 P.M. yesterday.

In an era of flamboyant politicians and corruption scandals, Mr. Impelliteri - deliberate, scholarly, mild to the point of shyness - struck a responsive chord with New York voters and became the first person to become mayor of New York without the support of a major political party.

The stage was set in September 1950 when, with a political scandal about to break, William O'Dwyer resigned as Mayor to accept President Truman's appointment as Ambassador to Mexico, and Mr. Impellitteri - an O'Dwyer protege who had been City Council president since 1946 - became Acting Mayor.

An Upset Victory

A special election was called to fill the three remaining years of Mr. O'Dwyer's term, and Mr. Impellitteri, who had been squabbling off and on with the Manhattan Democratic machine known as Tammany Hall, did not get his party's nomination.

Defying the Tammany Tiger, Mr. Impellitteri - who had been Acting Mayor during Mr. O'Dwyer's frequent vacations - ran as an independent under the banner of the Experience Party.

He was a slightly built, courteous man with little of the turbulent energy or whimsical humor of former Mayor Fiorello H. La Guardia or Mr. O'Dwyer. His speech was devoid of colorful language and his gestures seemed limited to clasping his hands or slowly twisting one of the dozen cigars he smoked daily.

Even astute political observers gave him little chance to win, but a volunteer organization sprang up almost overnight, and his fight against the machine captured the imagination of New Yorkers, who gave him a 225,000-vote plurality in a three-way race to become the city's 101st mayor.

After the election, he made peace with Democratic leaders in all the boroughs except Manhattan, but he continued to deny patronage to the Tammany leader, Carmine G. DeSapio, and this contributed to his political downfall.

Proposed Transit Agency

Though not of his own making, a series of inherited scandals - most of them involving payoffs by gamblers to the police and shakedowns of businesses by firefighters - beset the Impellitteri administration, along with postwar inflation and fiscal worries stemming from entrenched budgets based on stop-gap measures.

Mayor Impellitteri instituted plans to cut costs and to create long-term financial stability for the city government, proposed what was to become an independent Transit Authority to take transit affairs out of politics and named a former United States Attorney, Thomas F. Murphy, as police commissioner with a widely acclaimed mandate to root out corruption.

But the brush of scandal touched some members of his staff and, though Mr. Impellitteri himself was never accused of wrongdoing, his administration was hurt by it. What political observers called his lack of forcefulness in dealings with Gov. Thomas E. Dewey and the Republican-dominated Legislature also raised doubts.

Defeated by Wagner

And when he sought re-election in 1953, the opposition of Tammany Hall proved decisive. He was easily defeated by the Manhattan Borough President, Robert F. Wagner, who went on to serve three terms as mayor. Mr. Impellitteri stepped down on Dec. 31, 1953, and two days later was named to a judgeship by Mayor Wagner.

To say that Vincent Richard Impellitteri rose from obscurity would be an understatement of the first magnitude. He was born on Feb. 4, 1900, in the village of Isnello, Sicily. His father, Salvatore Impellitteri, was a shoemaker who brought the family to the Lower East Side when Vincent was a child. The family later moved to Ansonia, Conn.

The boy graduated from Ansonia High School in 1917. He joined the Navy and served in World War I as a radioman on a destroyer. After the war, he attended the Fordham Law School, going to classes by day while serving successively as a night bellboy and manager at a Broadway hotel.

He became a United States citizen in 1922 and earned his law degree in 1924.

After admission to the bar, he joined a law firm in which Martin Conboy, an influential Democratic figure, was a member. From 1929 to 1938, Mr. Impellitteri served as an assistant district attorney in Manhattan. He then returned to private law practice, mainly handling criminal cases.

Since his college days, he had been active in Democratic politics, and, through these associations, was named in 1941 as law secretary to Justice Peter Schmuck of State Supreme Court. Later, he became secretary to Justice Joseph Gavagan.

A Reputation for Honesty

A modest, unassuming man, Mr. Impellitteri was virtually unknown to New Yorkers when he was elected president of the City Council, the No. 2 position at City Hall, in 1945.

It was said that when Democratic leaders were looking for a likely candidate for the Council presidency, they thumbed through the ''Green Book,'' the city's official directory, until they came upon the name Vincent Impellitteri, then a judicial clerk. He had a reputation for honesty, ability and party loyalty, and it was thought that as an Italian-born Roman Catholic he could help the O'Dwyer ticket.

Mr. Impellitteri had one drawback. As a report in The New York World-Telegram put it, he had had ''the injudicious good taste to snub Frank Costello, the gambler and racketeer who often has been called the czar behind the scenes of Tammany.

Tammany Hall opposed Mr. Impellitteri's selection, but Mr. O'Dwyer insisted upon it, and the ticket won handily in 1945.

In the next four years, Mr. Impellitteri worked quietly, overshadowed by Mr. O'Dwyer, and was rewarded in 1949 by being named to the ticket again. While they were re-elected, the effects of the growing scandal were already being felt, and Mr. O'Dwyer polled only 1.2 million votes to Mr. Impellitteri's 1.3 million.

Mr. O'Dwyer, who was increasingly preoccupied with the scandal, resigned on Sept. 2, 1950, and Mr. Impellitteri succeeded him as Acting Mayor. Two days later, he announced that he would run in the special election.

Won Many Endorsements

Though he lacked Tammany support, he won endorsements from citizens' groups and newspapers, who called him ''Impy,'' and he attracted a wide following. The New York Times, in an editorial, said:

''He doesn't jump into decisions; in fact, he seems to make up his mind very deliberately, especially on financial matters. He does not create emergencies. He gives the impression of dogged earnestness and good intentions.''

In those times of upheaval, he seemed to be just what the voters wanted.

In an interview in 1965, when he retired from the Criminal Court bench, he recalled having been ''keenly disappointed'' at not being re-elected Mayor. But, he added, ''I never became bitter.''

He also noted that fame was fleeting. He often walked through the streets of New York, he said, and people smiled at him and called him ''Impy'' or ''Judge.'' But many others did not recognize him and had no idea that he had been mayor.

Mr Impellitteri married the former Elizabeth Agnes McLaughlin in 1926. The couple had no children. Mrs. Impellitteri died in 1967. He is survived by a sister, Mrs. Rose Concowich of Derby, Conn.

A funeral will be held Monday at 9:15 A.M. at Spinelli-Malerba Funeral Home in Ansonia, Conn., followed by a Mass of Christian Burial at 10 A.M. at Holy Rosary Church in Ansonia. Burial will be in Mount Saint Peter's Cemetery in Derby.

-----------------1277-----------------------

Phillip W. Katz, the inventor of file-compression software used in computers around the world, died on April 14 in a hotel room in Milwaukee. He was 37.

The cause was complications from alcoholism, according to a report from the Milwaukee medical examiner's office.

Mr. Katz's program, PKZip, played a major role in making Internet communications faster and less expensive. The zip file archive he developed compresses information so that it takes up less space on a disk drive and less time is needed to download it from the Web or send it to another computer.

In an interview with The Milwaukee Journal in 1993, Mr. Katz said he had developed the concept for PKZip at his mother's kitchen table in 1986. "It was just a hobby," he said. "I didn't expect it to turn into a business." Mr. Katz is survived by his mother, Hildegard, and his sister, Cynthia.

Mr. Katz built a company called PKWare Inc. on the success of the file-compression program and became its president. Today, files compressed with Mr. Katz's software are ubiquitous and the term "zip file" is familiar to even casual computer users.

http://www.nytimes.com

-----------------1932-----------------------

Thomas C. Fichter, senior vice president and chief financial officer of the American Newspaper Publishers Association, died yesterday at Fair Oaks Hospital in Fairfax, Va. He was 51 years old and lived in Oakton, Va.

A spokesman for the publishers' association said Mr. Fichter died of a coronary aneurysm. He had collapsed on Friday while jogging near his home.

Mr. Fichter had been with the publishers' association for 29 years. One of his major duties was directing its annual conventions. He also was treasurer of the A.N.P.A. Foundation and chairman and president of Credit Bureau Inc., a credit monitoring arm of the A.N.P.A.

During Mr. Fichter's years with the association it grew from 846 member newspapers in 1961 to about 1,400 members, and its operating budget grew from $1.3 million to more than $18 million.

A graduate of Pace College, Mr. Fichter was with H.M.I. Inc., a subsidary of Dow Chemical, from 1958 to 1961, when he joined the A.N.P.A. as an accountant. In 1978 he became a vice president, comptroller and assistant general manager. In 1982, he was named a senior vice president and deputy general manager. Five years later he was named executive vice president and last year became senior vice president and chief financial officer.

He is survived by his wife, Veronica; a daughter, Erika, and a son, Kristian; his father, Robert of Orangeburg, N.Y.; and two sisters, Barbara Goldi, also of Orangeburg, and Lorraine Gilbride of Harrison Park, N.J.

-----------------2089-----------------------

Eristus Sams, a former Mayor of Prairie View who led an effort to win students the right to vote, died of a heart attack Thursday at his home here. He was 77 years old.

Mr. Sams, Mayor from 1970 to 1984, mounted the first statewide campaign by a black for the United States Senate in 1961. He placed seventh in a race won by John Tower.

A former agriculture professor at Prairie View A&M University, Mr. Sams worked for 13 years to win voting rights for students at the predominantly black college.

The United States Supreme Court ruled in 1979 that a residency questionnaire arbitrarily applied by officials of Waller County discriminated against students at Prairie View.

-----------------3090-----------------------

William Michael Cushman, president and chief operating officer of Schieffelin & Company, wine and spirits importers, died Friday of pneumonia at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center. Mr. Cushman, who was a resident of Katonah, N.Y., was 46 years old.

He joined Schiefflin in 1973 as controller, was promoted to treasurer in 1975 and became president in 1976. Previously, he had been with Arthur Andersen & Company, certified public accountants, and Case and Company, management consultants. He served as a captain in the Air Force from 1956 to 1959 as a navigator bombardier and was a member of the reserves.

He graduated from St. Paul's School, Concord, N.H., and received a bachelor's degree from Yale University and a Master of Business Administration degree from the University of Virginia Graduate School of Business. He was a member of the Bedford Golf and Tennis Club, the Chevy Chase and Metropolitan Clubs of Washington, D.C., and the River Club and Brook Club of New York.

He is survived by his wife, Gloria; three daughters, Catherine and Christina of Katonah and Cynthia of Charlottesville, Va.; two stepchildren, Porter and Francesca Fleming of Katonah, and his mother, Catherine Crowley Cushman of Washington.

-----------------3651-----------------------

Ian M. Ross, who helped perfect the transistor and calculate whether the moon's surface could support a spaceship's weight, and then went on to lead Bell Laboratories, the legendary fount of technological marvels and Nobel Prize winners, died on March 10 at his home in New Smyrna Beach, Fla. He was 85.

The cause was complications of pneumonia, his wife, Christina, said.

For much of the 20th century Bell Labs was among the world's largest research institutions. Its mission was to help AT&T, the telephone monopoly and its corporate parent, cope with everything from digital communication to squirrels chewing phone lines. Its thousands of scientists and engineers fostered discoveries like the transistor, the laser and information theory, earning seven Nobel Prizes and 29,000 patents.

Dr. Ross was Bell Labs' president when its mission changed radically in 1984, after AT&T had spun off its local phone companies to settle a federal antitrust suit. The loss of these so-called Baby Bells -- subsidiaries like New York Telephone and Southern Bell -- opened the door for AT&T to hurl its economic and technological might into new, unregulated businesses to compete with companies like I.B.M.

Bell Labs was the glamorous vanguard of this drive to go beyond communications into all phases of information technology. Preaching ''urgency,'' Dr. Ross nudged his army of scientists to align their sometimes spectacularly esoteric schemes and dreams with market needs, going so far as to dispatch some of them to accompany AT&T sales employees on their rounds.

But he refused to give specific instructions to the 10 percent of Bell employees doing basic research, an enterprise that, among other things, yielded proof that the universe started with a Big Bang.

''It's a foolish thing to tell a research person what the problem is -- you'll get the answer to that problem and miss a brilliant discovery in the process,'' he said.

In the three years after AT&T's breakup, the labs' wizards never paused, conjuring wonders like an undersea fiber-optic cable to a superfast computer algorithm for solving complex problems.

In 1996, five years after Dr. Ross retired, AT&T split into three companies, one of which was its old manufacturing arm, renamed Lucent Technologies. Lucent took most of Bell Labs' personnel.

Lucent at first performed well, increasing the lab's budget and staff. Then the markets for both its shares and products dipped, and in 2006 Lucent merged with Alcatel, a French company. Two years later, Alcatel-Lucent announced that Bell Labs was pulling out of basic science to focus on more immediately marketable fields.

SBC Communications, a former Baby Bell, bought AT&T's bones (not including Bell Labs) in 2005 and took its name. Ian Munro Ross was born on Aug. 15, 1927, in Southport, England, and joined Bell in 1952 after earning a doctorate in mechanical sciences from the University of Cambridge. William Shockley, who led the team that invented the transistor in 1947, hired him. In a 2009 oral history interview, Dr. Ross said he had intended to stay for no more than a year but gave up that plan after finding the intellectual buzz there ''exhilarating.''

An early assignment was to organize a symposium to tell other companies everything Bell had learned about making transistors, the lightning-fast switches that underpin modern electronics. The fee to attend the symposium was only $25,000, as a down payment on a 5 percent licensing charge. Dr. Ross said the relatively small fee reflected AT&T's hope that the companies would develop things AT&T could use. Thus did Texas Instruments, Fairchild and Sony get a jump-start on a multibillion-dollar field.

Dr. Ross's early years at Bell were devoted to guiding teams working to improve the transistor. One effort involved making advances in ''field effect'' transistors, which became a mainstay of integrated circuits, the term for a set of electronic circuits on a small plate, or ''chip,'' of semiconductor material.

Another team developed epitaxy, the growing of specialized silicon crystals to make super-thin semiconductor wafers. The wafers allowed for greater speed and memory and led to a new generation of computers, microprocessors and switching systems.

In the oral history, Dr. Ross said of epitaxy: ''You know, the reaction, I think, in the industry was a sigh of relief that you could hear from coast to coast. And quite a number of cries, 'Why didn't I think of that?' ''

Dr. Ross next ran two of Bell's semiconductor laboratories and oversaw electronics on Telstar, the first communications satellite. In 1964, he was named managing director of Bellcomm, a Bell systems unit formed solely to plan Apollo moon missions.

Bellcomm's tasks included determining that the lunar surface was almost certainly not composed of dust so powdery that a landing vehicle would just keep sinking. NASA said moon missions would not have succeeded without Bellcomm's guidance.

After returning to Bell Labs, Dr. Ross was named president in 1979. He was AT&T's first witness in defending itself against federal charges of antitrust violations in 1981. He called the Bell system ''interactive and interdependent,'' but conceded that it had withheld information from competitors.

Dr. Ross belonged to the National Academy of Engineering, the National Academy of Sciences and the Royal Academy of Engineering, and won many industry and professional awards.

He is survived by his wife of 57 years, the former Christina Leinberg; his son, Tim; his daughters, Nancy Ross and Stina Ross; and two grandchildren.

Dr. Ross was described as a quiet man, but he could not help bragging -- or at least expressing wonderment -- about the stunning electronic achievements he had helped foster. ''If we had had the same progress in the aircraft industry, you and I could be flying between London and New York in 500,000-seat planes and the fare would be about 25 cents,'' he once said.

-----------------4627-----------------------

John H. Greene, the chief operating officer and executive vice president of Outward Bound U.S.A., died of a heart attack on Thursday in Loch Eil, Scotland, while hiking on a mountain with a group of magazine publishers.

Mr. Greene, a resident of Rowayton, Conn., was 45 years old.

The president of Outward Bound, John Raynolds, said Mr. Greene was participating in "an invitational trip for various magazine publishers to introduce them to Outward Bound and help generate their support for our public-service ad campaign." There were 17 publishers on the trip, Mr. Raynolds said.

Outward Bound is a nonprofit organization that uses challenging physical activities including rock-climbing, sailing and rafting to promote self-confidence and teamwork. Its participants range from corporate executives to troubled youths to people seeking an adventure.

The publishers had arrived for a five-day expedition on Wednesday, Mr. Raynolds said. After breakfast on Thursday, he said, "They packed up their gear and began a hike up a 4,000-foot mountain called Ben Nevis.

'Outgoing, Caring Person'

"The weather was kind of misty and cold," Mr. Raynolds said, "so they elected to take an easier trail, rather than the more direct, steeper one. They set off and 45 minutes into the hike, John Greene just collapsed."

Mr. Greene was declared dead after a helicopter brought his body to a hospital in Port Williams, Scotland.

As chief operating officer of Outward Bound U.S.A., Mr. Greene was in charge of all operations of the organization's national office in Greenwich, Conn. He had been with Outward Bound for eight years. Before joining the organization, he was a partner in Direct Marketing Group Inc. in New York.

A native of Greenwich, Mr. Greene graduated from Lake Forest College in Illinois with a bachelor of arts degree in 1966.

Mr. Raynolds described his colleague and friend as an athletic man who "was very likeable -- an outgoing, caring person."

Mr. Greene is survived by his wife, Kathy; two sons, Bradley, and Matthew, ; his mother, Anne Holt Greene of Orleans on Cape Cod, Mass.; two brothers, William, of North Wales, Pa., and Michael, of Boston, and two sisters, Gina James of Pagosa Springs, Colo., and Lisa McCall of Boston.

-----------------4881-----------------------

Annette Fischer, the head of Amnesty International's governing council, was killed on Saturday in a car crash in Italy, the human rights organization said today. She was 46 years old.

Mrs. Fischer and her husband, Carl, died in a head-on collision in heavy rain in Florence, the London-based organization said. Further details were not available, but Amnesty International said the the Fischers had been heading home to Denmark at the end of a vacation.

Mrs. Fischer was elected to lead Amnesty International's governing committee in 1991. She had been a member of the committee since 1989.

A librarian by profession, she headed the Danish section of Amnesty International from 1986 to 1989.

"The Amnesty International movement has lost a dedicated campaigner against human rights violations," the vice chairman of the executive committee, Ross Daniels, said in a statement. "We shall all miss her courage and her commitment to human rights."

Information on survivors was not immediately available.

-----------------5048-----------------------

Francisco Fernandez-Ordonez, who helped remold Spain's image in the post-Franco era and served as Foreign Minister from 1985 until June, died today at his home in Madrid. He was 62 years old.

He died of cancer of the colon and liver, according to his doctor, Carlos Sanz. His body lay in state this afternoon at the Foreign Ministry in Madrid.

Mr. Fernandez-Ordonez, who used the nickname Paco, helped reorient Spain's business and political goals during the transition to democracy after the death of the dictator Franco in 1975. He oversaw Spain's integration into the European Community and NATO in the mid-1980's.

Born on June 22, 1930, in Madrid, Mr. Fernandez-Ordonez studied at Harvard in the United States and earned a law degree at the University of Madrid. He began his career as a tax inspector and moved to the Finance Ministry in 1969.

He held civil service posts in the Franco dictatorship, heading the Government-run National Institute of Industry, but soon joined the growing democratic opposition to Franco's rule and took part in talks aimed at restoring democracy after Franco'sdeath.

As Finance Minister from 1977 to 1979 in the centrist Government of Prime Minister Adolfo Suarez, Mr. Fernandez-Ordonez was responsible for passage of controversial income-tax reforms, introducing graduated taxation. The number of taxpayers rose from 1.5 million people in 1977 to more than 12 million over the years.

In 1979 he was appointed Justice Minister in the centrist Government of Leopoldo Calvo Sotelo, where he drew bitter criticism from conservative politicians for the legalization of divorce in 1981. The divorce law was the harbinger of separation of church and state in Spain.

He was named chairman of Spain's state-controlled export-financing bank, Banco Exterior, in 1983 and was appointed Foreign Minister in 1985, two years after Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez and the Socialists came to power.

Considered more pro-American than his predecessor, Fernando Moran, Mr. Fernandez-Ordonez campaigned for NATO membership, a step that Spanish voters approved in a referendum. He guided the country to membership in the European Community in 1986 and continued to campaign for greater European integration, championing the Maastricht treaty on political and economic union, which is now awaiting ratification by the 12 community nations.

Attending his first meeting of European Community foreign ministers in the mid-1980's, Mr. Fernandez-Ordonez was reported to have said, "Just call me Paco," a phrase that became his trademark introduction on policy missions throughout the world.

Mr. Fernandez-Ordonez was widely credited in his country for having placed Spain on the map of modern international politics. He helped pave the way for restoration of diplomatic ties with Israel in 1986 and gave the Palestine Liberation Organization mission in Madrid what is described by some envoys as de facto diplomatic status.

He was perhaps most proud of Spain's role as host in the first round of Middle East peace talks in Madrid last October.

He said he had circled the world 150 times as a diplomat, although his illness, which he never publicly acknowledged, began to take its toll this year. After a final trip in May to Chile and Argentina, Mr. Fernandez-Ordonez canceled all appointments, citing exhaustion. Mr. Gonzalez accepted his resignation on June 22, Mr. Fernandez-Ordonez's 62d birthday.

King Juan Carlos described Mr. Fernandez-Ordonez today as "an exemplary minister" and one of Spain's "finest statesmen."

Mr. Fernandez-Ordonez is survived by his wife, Mari Paz Garcia Mayo.

-----------------5459-----------------------

Ralph A. Weller, a retired executive who led the Otis Elevator Company through a period of robust growth, died on Friday at Manor Care in Walnut Creek, Calif. He was a resident of Manhattan and was 73.

He had been in failing health since late last year, his family said.

Mr. Weller became president of Otis, the world's largest maker of elevators and escalators, in 1968 when the company had revenues of $500 million. By 1974, just before the United Technologies Corporation took over Otis, the company reported contracts totaling $1.2 billion.

Mr. Weller was born in Cleveland and graduated with a degree in civil engineering from Virginia Military Institute in 1942. He joined the Marine Corps that year and served in the Pacific, where his unit received a Presidential Citation for valor on Iwo Jima. After active duty ended, he remained in the reserves, retiring in 1961 as a lieutenant colonel.

After receiving an M.B.A. from Harvard University in 1957, he went to work for Otis, where he rose through a number of executive positions, including vice president in charge of the far western region.

He was the vice president responsible for engineering, production and purchasing when he was elected president. He became chief executive officer in 1969 and chairman in 1975. He was named a director of United Technologies when it acquired Otis. He continued as chairman of Otis and retired in 1984.

Mr. Weller is survived by three sons, Michael F., of Green River, Wyo., John A., of Orinda, Calif., and Robert O., of Seattle, and five grandchildren.

-----------------6237-----------------------

Theodore M. Berry, a civil rights leader who became Cincinnati's first black mayor after serving as a high official in President Lyndon B. Johnson's war on poverty, died Sunday at a nursing home in Loveland, a Cincinnati suburb. He was 94.

Mr. Berry fought for racial equality as a civil rights lawyer, representing three Tuskegee Airmen in a famous case; as a leader of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People; and as the official assigned to bring poor people into the policy-making process of the federal anti-poverty effort under Sargent Shriver. He was Cincinnati's first black assistant prosecutor and first black vice mayor before becoming mayor in 1972.

Theodore M. Berry was born on Nov. 8, 1905, in Maysville, Ky.

The Cincinnati Post quoted Mr. Berry in 1973 as saying that his mother, a deaf-mute housekeeper, was "taken advantage of by a former employer," a white farmer in Maysville. The matter was dropped when the farmer gave his grandmother, a former slave, two hogs.

As a child in Cincinnati, Mr. Berry sold newspapers, shined shoes, shoveled coal, delivered laundry and shelved books in libraries.

He learned to speak with unusually distinct diction so his mother could read his lips.

He graduated at the top of his high school class, but, although he was the school's first black valedictorian, he was forbidden to walk next to a white classmate at the graduation, The Cincinnati Enquirer reported in an obituary published yesterday.

He graduated from the University of Cincinnati and then from its law school, working in steel mills to pay his way.

His first legal job was as a county prosecutor. He served as president of the Cincinnati branch of the N.A.A.C.P. from 1932 to 1946.

In 1942, he took a leave of absence from the prosecutor's office to go to Washington to work as a morale officer with the Office of War Information. His job was to encourage black soldiers, who were then segregated, a situation he saw the government did not intend to end.

"They wanted to play games with words without making any real fundamental changes," he said. "After nine months, I resigned and returned to Cincinnati."

In 1945, the N.A.A.C.P.'s national legal counsel, Thurgood Marshall, asked Mr. Berry to defend three black Army Air Forces officers, members of the unit known as the Tuskegee Airmen, who faced a court martial for protesting a segregated officer's club at Freeman Field in Seymour, Ind. Mr. Berry won acquittal for two of the men.

In 1995, a half-century later, the Air Force officially vindicated all three men and pardoned the one who was convicted, Roger C. Terry.

In 1947, Mr. Berry ran for the Cincinnati City Council and lost. He won election to the Council in 1949 and was elected vice mayor in 1955. In 1953, as chairman of the city's finance committee, he led a controversial battle to institute a municipal income tax.

In 1957, he was considered a likely choice for mayor, an office the City Council then filled in Cincinnati.

But he was defeated for the Council after the city switched from a system of proportional representation, in which voters listed their candidates in order of preference, that tended to aid minority candidates. Under the new system, Mr. Berry finished 14th in a field of 18, and no blacks were elected to the Council in that election or the next two.

An article in The New York Times at the time cited the racial nature of the change in voting rules.

"Virtually all political observers here agree that the racial crisis over school desegregation in Little Rock, Ark., was reflected in the Sept. 30 referendum in which proportional representation was abandoned," The Times reported. "Pointing to Mr. Berry's first-place finish under the proportional representation in 1955, an anti-Negro whispering campaign appealed for the end of the system lest Mr. Berry become the Mayor of Cincinnati."

After his defeat, Mr. Berry created a community action agency in Cincinnati. It caught the attention of Sargent Shriver, who asked Mr. Berry to help with similar efforts nationally. He found himself at odds with mayors who resented militant poor people running programs to fight poverty.

"I believe mayors should consult with all groups -- the poor, labor, business and so on," he said in an interview in 1965. "You don't get representation by exercising paternalistic determination."

He returned to Cincinnati after Richard M. Nixon became president in 1969, and two years later was appointed to the City Council when a member died. He was elected mayor by his fellow Council members in 1972 and served for four years.

Mr. Berry is survived by his wife of 62 years, Johnnie Mae Berry; two daughters, Faith Berry of Santa Barbara, Calif., and Gail Berry West of Washington; a son, Theodore Newton Berry of Cincinnati; four grandchildren; and a great-grandson.

In one light moment of his mayoralty, Mr. Berry approached Mayor John V. Lindsay of New York at Shea Stadium in 1973, when the Reds and Mets were locked in battle for the National League pennant.

"I hope I don't embarrass you," Mr. Berry said. "But we've come to take the playoffs from the Mets."

"I don't mind," Mr. Lindsay answered, "so long as you don't consider us poor hosts if we don't let you do it."

http://www.nytimes.com

-----------------6678-----------------------

Lawrence D. Ornitz, who developed a worldwide market for California beachwear fashions, died Monday of complications following coronary bypass surgery at Western Medical Center in Santa Ana, Calif. He was 53 years old and a resident of nearby Tustin.

Mr. Ornitz was president of Ocean Pacific Sunwear, Ltd., which he took over four years ago, and of 1200 Valencia, Inc., which markets the Ocean Pacific label as well as the Jimmy'z, Newport Blue and 180 South lines.

Under his guidance, Ocean Pacific expanded its sales, which had been concentrated in the youth market, to older persons. The company's products are now sold in 23 countries.

A native of New York City, Mr. Ornitz was a graduate of the Pennsylvania State University. He is survived by his wife, the former Elaine Mondell; three daughters, Debbie Rogoff of Irvine, Calif., Carolyn Greitzer of Los Angeles and Jill, of Tustin; his mother, Ella, and his sister, Joan Minda, both of Kansas City, and three grandchildren.

-----------------9117-----------------------

Former President Tahirou Congakou of Benin, who served only one month as head of state, has died of injuries suffered in a car crash, the Government said.

Mr. Congakou, toppled by a military coup in 1965, died Wednesday of injuries suffered in the crash three days earlier, a statement read by Information Minister Marius Francisco said.

Today was declared a day of national mourning.

Mr. Congakou became President in 1965 when the West African country was known as the Republic of Dahomey. He was ousted after one month in a military coup mounted by Col. Christophe Soglo, uncle of Benin's current President, Nicephore Soglo.

-----------------9161-----------------------

Maurice Galy, president of the Lycee Francais de New York for more than three decades, died on June 11 at his home in Massat in the Pyrenees region of southwestern France. He was 75.

He had suffered from a long illness, said a friend of the family.

A senior civil servant in the French Education Ministry, Mr. Galy spent most of his career in New York, where he first served in the cultural services section at the French Embassy in 1956. The following year, he was appointed president of the Lycee Francais, a post he held until he retired in 1989.

Mr. Galy played an influential role in developing the lycee, an independent, nonprofit primary and secondary school. The lycee, chartered by the New York State Board of Regents in 1936, offers a French curriculum and is accredited by the French Government.

Mr. Galy carefully maintained the lycee's traditions and high level of education. The school originally occupied a residential building on East 95th Street near Fifth Avenue and Mr. Galy arranged for the acquisition of three more landmark mansions, two on East 72d Street and one on East 93d Street.

Born in Toulouse, Mr. Galy graduated from the University of Toulouse and received a degree in modern and contemporary history in 1942. He held various positions with the Education Ministry and Secretariat of Youth and Sports from 1942 to 1950 and served as assistant dean and vice dean at College de l'Europe Libre in Strasbourg from 1951 to 1956.

The French Government made him a Commander of the Palmes Academiques, the highest French honor for educators, and a Knight of the Legion of Honor, its highest civilian commendation.

Survivors include his wife, Paule; a daughter, Elisabeth; two sons, Jean-Pierre and Jean-Francois.

-----------------9841-----------------------

Howard Edward Butt, founder of a chain of 175 supermarkets and 31 video stores, died Tuesday at a hospital in Corpus Christi. He was 95 years old.

His chain of H. E. B. grocery stores in Texas employs 30,000 people.

In 1988, Forbes magazine ranked the H. E. Butt Grocery Company as the 36th-largest private company in the United States, with annual sales estimated at $2 billion.

Mr. Butt began in the grocery business as a child, helping his mother in a store that she started with $50. He took over the family business after World War I and expanded it. In 1971 he turned over the operation of the chain to his son Charles.

In 1961 President John F. Kennedy appointed Mr. Butt to the President's Committee on Equal Employment Opportunity. Mr. Butt also helped establish the University of Corpus Christi, now Corpus Christi State University, and was a lay minister in the Southern Baptist Church.

He is survived by his wife, Mary; two sons, Howard and Charles, and a daughter, Eleanor Crook.

-----------------11357-----------------------

Robert H. Dedman Sr., a philanthropist and business leader, died today at his home in Dallas. He was 76.

The cause has not been determined, but Mr.

Dedman was in poor health and apparently suffered a heart attack, the Dallas police said.

Mr. Dedman, the founder and chairman of ClubCorp International Inc., made the Forbes list of America's 400 wealthiest individuals, with a net worth of $1.2 billion. ClubCorp, which was founded in 1957, owns or operates more than 210 golf courses, country clubs, private business clubs and resorts worldwide.

Mr. Dedman and his wife, Nancy, and their children have given more than $77 million to Southern Methodist University, where two schools bear the Dedman name. He also served two terms as a member and chairman of the Texas State Highway and Public Transportation Commission.

He was an advocate for education and earned four degrees in economics and engineering and two in law.

In a speech in 2000 promoting his book "King of Clubs," Mr. Dedman said success depended on attitude. "You have to have the right attitude," he said. "We must enjoy life and get all that we can out of it because it may be the only chance we get."

In addition to his wife, Mr. Dedman is survived by a daughter, Patricia Dedman Dietz; a son, Robert H. Jr.; and five grandchildren.

-----------------11643-----------------------

Rene Firino Martell, who engineered the $850 million sale of his family's cognac company to Seagram in 1988, died on Tuesday at a hospital in Nice, France. He was 68 and a resident of Cognac, the small southwestern town that his family has dominnated for almost three centuries.

Spokesmen for the family said the cause of death was a heart attack.

An eighth-generation descendant of Jean Martell, the wine merchant from the Isle of Jersey who founded the cognac company in 1715, Mr. Martell, who took over as chairman in 1977, significantly extended the company's reach.

By 1987 Martell, the second-largest cognac brand after Hennesey, was a household name around the world. But for all his marketing achievements in selling cognac, Mr. Martell outdid himself in selling the cognac company.

Skillfully playing off rival bids from two giant suitors, Mr. Martell almost doubled the value of the company over six months of negotiations.

The sale of the company began in July 1987, when Grand Metropolitan, a British wine and spirits conglomerate, acquired a 10 percent interest in a deal that put the value of the Martell company at $500 million.

It ended in January 1988, when Seagram, the giant Canadian distiller, bought the entire company for $850 million, a staggering 36 times Martell's annual earnings.

Mr. Martell, who was born in Cognac, was educated there, in nearby Bourdeux and in the United States before returning to Cognac, a town of 21,000.

As chairman of a company controlled by 40 members of his family, who owned about two-fifths of its stock, Mr. Martell was regarded as a patriarch both to the company and to the town.

"Monsieur Rene has been like a father to us," Jacques Durand, the proprietor of a Cognac restaurant, said when the deal with Seagram was being negotiated.

Although Seagram indicated it wanted to keep the Martell family involved in the management after the sale, Mr. Durand and other Cognac residents predicted at the time that he had been too accustomed to operating on his own to report to distant corporate bosses.

They were right: the sale to Seagram was completed in February 1988; Mr. Martll retired the next year.

He is survived by his wife, Genevieve Caduouy Eymard, and five children, Flore, Antoine, Chantal, Elizabeth and Jean.

-----------------13180-----------------------

Masayoshi Ito, a conservative Japanese politician who was Foreign Minister briefly in the early 1980's, died today, NHK television reported. He was 80.

In April 1989, he was asked to take over as Prime Minister from Noboru Takeshita, who had been disgraced in the Recruit influence-peddling and bribery scandal.

Some members of the long-ruling Liberal Democratic Party viewed Mr. Ito as a potential rescuer because he was one of the few politicians who had not been implicated in the affair. The scandal involved illicit payments and gifts of stock in the Recruit conglomerate in exchange for political favors.

Mr. Ito, who was suffering from diabetes, declined the Prime Minister's post for health reasons and because he felt that party leaders were not interested in making fundamental changes in the political system. He retired from Parliament when general elections were held in July 1993.

In June 1980, he had served as Acting Prime Minister for a month after the sudden death of Prime Minister Masayoshi Ohira, his political mentor.

Mr. Ito also served as Foreign Minister from July 1980 to May 1981 in the Government of Mr. Ohira's successor, Zenko Suzuki. He resigned in a dispute with Mr. Suzuki over a Government declaration that Japan was in an "alliance" with the United States, a statement that was later amended.

The issue of close ties with Washington was delicate in Japan, and Mr. Ito's resignation was generally viewed by the public as a gesture of principle.

-----------------13845-----------------------

Frank P. Zeidler, a former mayor of Milwaukee who was the last Socialist to run a major American city, died Friday. He was 93.

The cause was congestive heart failure and diverticulitis, said a hospital spokesman, Gregg Hartzog.

Born in Milwaukee, Mr. Zeidler was part of the city's strong Socialist Party, which was fueled by German immigrants. The party had thousands of members, a Congressional seat and control of the mayor's office for nearly a half-century, ending with Mr. Zeidler from 1948 to 1960.

''Historians described him in the tradition of Milwaukee's sewer socialists,'' said Mr. Zeidler's daughter Jeanne, who followed her father into politics and is mayor of Williamsburg, Va. ''They were community leaders, mayors of Milwaukee who thought everyone should have access to plumbing in their homes. But he also had a bigger vision than that.''

His three terms as mayor were marked by large-scale construction of public housing, creation of the first educational television station in Wisconsin and city beautification programs. He also made strong statements on behalf of civil rights, Ms. Zeidler said.

Mr. Zeidler said the word ''socialism'' was discredited when Stalin and Hitler used it in their rhetoric. Still, he remained an ardent Socialist until his death, serving as chairman of the Socialist Party U.S.A..

He never moved from the house he owned before being elected mayor.

Mr. Zeidler wrote a 1,000-page manuscript in 1962 called ''A Liberal in City Government'' that was a memoir and a reflection on municipal government. It was finally published last year. ''I thought I would discharge the contents of my mind,'' he said of his work.

-----------------13973-----------------------

Joel W. Harnett, a businessman and civic watchdog who finished last in the Democratic primary for mayor of New York City in 1977, but fueled debate by helping to force the release of a federal investigative report on questionable financial manipulations by city leaders, died on Aug. 11 at his home in Phoenix. He was 80.

The cause was prostate cancer, said his wife, Lila.

Mr. Harnett, who resigned as chairman of the City Club of New York, a government watchdog group, to run for office, sued the Securities and Exchange Commission to release a report that the commission contended was not yet finished. After a Manhattan federal judge began looking into the evidence, the commission released the report.

It essentially said that Mayor Abraham D. Beame had deceived the public about the city's perilous financial condition while it was selling a record number of securities to unsuspecting investors. The document drew a storm of caustic comment from Mayor Beame's six challengers.

The primary campaign ended with Edward I. Koch, then a congressman, winning the Democratic mayoral nomination; Mario M. Cuomo, then lieutenant governor, finishing second, and Mr. Beame third. Mr. Harnett was last in the seven-person race.

Mr. Harnett focused on economic issues in his campaign, emphasizing a need to cut taxes to remain competitive with other cities and states. A marketing executive at Look magazine himself, he argued that the city needed to sell itself better.

Joel William Harnett was born in Brooklyn and grew up in the Seagate community on Coney Island. He graduated in 1945 from the University of Richmond, in Virginia, majoring in history and earning Phi Beta Kappa honors.

He worked for Look for 20 years. As vice president for marketing and sales promotion, he came up with ways of focusing advertising on more affluent areas so makers of luxury goods could reach the rarefied audience they wanted, rather than all of Look's 8 million readers.

Mr. Harnett then started his own company, Media Horizons Inc., which owned radio stations and specialized in publishing magazines directed to readers who market and advertise disparate products. They included Home Video, Law Enforcement Communications and Biomedical Communications.

While in business, he also addressed civic issues, first as a member of the City Club, then as its chairman. One of his consistent themes was the need for economic efficiency in city government. He also fought against plans for Westway, a superhighway planned along the Hudson River in Manhattan, and the Second Avenue Subway, arguing that both were unnecessary.

He joined Jacqueline Onassis and others to fight for landmark status for Grand Central Terminal and criticized the power of municipal labor unions.

In 1979, Mr. Harnett and his wife moved to Phoenix, where he became involved in the Valley Citizens League, a nonpartisan civic group. He and his wife started Phoenix Home and Garden, an upscale magazine that featured tips on growing plants in a desert climate.

The couple collected art and made large donations to museums. They gave money for galleries at the Phoenix Art Museum and at the Heard Museum in Phoenix. The University of Richmond named its art museum for them.

Mr. Harnett wrote and published several of his own books, including the forthcoming ''The Devil's Own Politics: The Explosive Political Rise and Fall of the Evangelical Movement.'' He was a retired major in the Army Reserve.

In addition to his wife, he is survived by his brother, Bertram.

-----------------14261-----------------------

Laurence K. Marshall, a founder and former president of the Raytheon Company, an international, diversified electronics concern, died Wednesday at Mount Auburn Hospital in Cambridge, Mass. He was 91 years old.

Mr. Marshall founded Raytheon in 1922 with the financial backing of a roommate, Vannevar Bush, the professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology who, in World War II, coordinated the nation's technology, and several other investors.

At that time Raytheon was a one-product company, manufacturing radio tubes. The company today employs 78,000 people worldwide in electronics, aviation, appliances, energy, construction and publishing.

Under Mr. Marshall's leadership, which extended from the company's founding until his retirement in 1950, Raytheon developed many technological innovations. In World War II it played a significant role in the development of radar.

An Amateur Anthropologist

After he left the company, Mr. Marshall remained active as an amateur anthropologist, studying the bushmen of the Kalahari Desert in South Africa. With his family, he made eight trips to the Kalahari. Before one of his final trips, Mr. Marshall told an interviewer:

''I have had the best years of my life since retiring. I wanted to do something constructive after I retired and something that I could do with my family. We're all interested in anthropology, and we realized that little was known about the bushmen, so we decided to make a formal study of them.''

Mr. Marshall, an only child, was born in Medford, Mass. His father was a butcher, and he worked in markets while in school. He supported himself while studying at Tufts College and graduated in 1911 with a degree in civil engineering.

His first job after college was with General Electric, where he earned $16 a week as a trainee. He then worked in New York City as an engineer on an East River subway tunnel.

Served in France

When the United States entered World War I, Mr. Marshall joined the Army as a second lieutenant and served in France. After the war, he returned to Boston, a 30-year-old civil engineer with modest savings.

He got in touch with a friend, C.G. Smith, an inventor who had created several refinements in home radios. Mr. Marshall, Mr. Bush and Mr. Smith founded the Raytheon Company in Cambridge.

He met his wife, Lorna Jean McLean, a Radcliffe graduate, in 1922 and they were married the same year. The Marshalls were residents of Cambridge. Mr. Marshall was award an honorary Doctor of Science degree from Tufts in 1961 and also served the institution as a trustee.

In addition to his wife, he leaves a son, John, of Watertown, Mass.; a daughter, Elizabeth Thomas of Great Falls, Va., and three grandchildren. A memorial service will be held Wednesday at 3 P.M. at Harvard University's Memorial Church in Cambridge.

-----------------14464-----------------------

Henry W. Gadsden, former chairman and chief executive officer of Merck & Company, the Rahway, N.J., pharmaceuticals concern, died yesterday at the age of 69 in his home in Short Hills, N.J.

He had been with Merck and a predecessor, Sharp & Dohme, for 39 years when he retired in 1976. After Sharp & Dohme merged with Merck in 1953 he became vice president, and was appointed president and chief executive officer of Merck in 1964. He was also a director of the Ford Motor Company, the Campbell Soup Company and C. R. Bard Inc.

Surviving are his wife, the former Patricia Parker; four sons, Christopher of Dresher, Pa., Thomas and William, both of Philadelphia, and Robert of Manhattan; a sister, Lavinia Dimond of San Francisco; a brother, Charles C. of Pelham, N.Y., and two grandchildren.

-----------------14489-----------------------

Tempel J. Smith, founder and president of the Tempel Steel Company, died Friday in Chicago. He was 71 years old. He began his business career in 1930 and in 1945 founded the Tempel Manufacturing Company, which under his direction became the world's largest manufacturer of magnetic steel laminations.

Mr. Smith was also known for the esquestrian activities at his Tempel Farms, near Wadsworth in northern Illinois. Mr. Smith received recognition for his Lippizaner stallions from four Presidents and also from civic and philanthropic organizations. His horses participated in several inaugural parades and other major events.

He was a native of Chicago and a member of the board of directors of the Lincoln Park Zoological Society. He leaves his wife, Esther; a son, Tempel J. Jr., of Chicago; two daughters, Martha Leffingwell, of Lake Forest, Ill., and Linda Buonnano, of Providence, R.I.; a sister, Jane Sherman, of Chicago, and six grandchildren.

-----------------14831-----------------------

John N. Trainer, a former president of Trainer Wortham & Company, an investment counseling firm, died on Sunday at the Pomperaug Woods Health Center in Southbury, Conn. He was 88.

He died after a short illness, said his brother, Robert Trainer.

Mr. Trainer joined the firm founded by his father, Trainer & Associates, in 1935 and became its president in 1954, when the firm was known as Trainer, Wortham. Mr. Trainer lived in Mount Kisco, N.Y., for 50 years.

Mr. Trainer is also survived by his wife, Alice; two sons, John N. Trainer of Nashville and Edward S. Trainer of Evanston, Ill., and five grandchildren.

-----------------15801-----------------------

Dr. Thomas E. Robinson, the former president of Glassboro State College and unsuspecting host of an unsuspected East-West summit meeting in rural southern New Jersey in 1967, died on Wednesday at St. Mary's Hospital in Langhorne, Pa. He was 87 years old and lived in Holland, Pa.

He died after a heart attack, the college reported.

Dr. Robinson, a Latin scholar, was the third head of the college, which started as Glassboro Normal College in 1923. Under his leadership from 1952 to 1969, it grew by leaps and bounds. Whereas there had been no construction for 26 years, Dr. Robinson became known as the "Building President" who made Glassboro grow from five buildings to 27. Student enrollment rose from 400 to more than 3,500, with a faculty to match.

Enriching its curriculum, Glassboro Teachers College became Glassboro State College and aspired to educational excellence. Its fine-arts summer program began to attract students from all over the country.

Built Tennis Courts

Under his direction, the college's adult center gained national acclaim with its work among migrant farm workers, illiterate adults and poor youths. An avid tennis player, he built courts on the 175-acre campus. He was a founder of the Delsea Tennis Club.

But it was the surprise American-Soviet summit meeting of June 1967 that brought Glassboro to the nation's attention. Prime Minister Aleksei N. Kosygin was in New York for a special session of the United Nations when President Lyndon B. Johnson suggested a meeting, preferably in Washington with Camp David a possible alternative.

Glassboro, lying about halfway between New York and Washington, became a compromise offered by Gov. Richard J. Hughes of New Jersey. As Dr. Robinson put it at the time, "I learned about it when it came over the radio." His official brown-fieldstone residence, Hollybush, was refurbished overnight and, because of a heat wave, 16 air-conditioning units were installed by the State Department. Air-conditioning at Hollybush was something Dr. Robinson had wanted for some time.

Thousands turned out to give the summiteers a tumultuous welcome. At the end, Mr. Kosygin repaid Dr. Robinson's hopitality by giving him and his wife a silver samovar and other gifts, including a paperweight made of Baltic amber. Dr. Robinson now became known around Glassboro as the "Summit President" and got President Johnson to deliver the commencement address the following spring.

Thomas Edmond Robinson was born in Trenton. He graduated from Lehigh University with a Latin major and earned a master's degree at the University of Pennsylvania and a doctorate at Rutgers University. He taught Latin and English in junior high and high school in Trenton and was an elementary school principal, high school principal and Mercer County Superintendent of Schools before taking over at Glassboro.

On Sept. 1, the college became Rowan College of New Jersey in recognition of a $100 million donation made by Henry M. and Betty Rowan, the largest such individual gift ever to benefit a public college or university.

Dr. Robinson is survived by his wife of 63 years, the former Margaret Bay; A son, Timothy Bay Robinson of Ridgewood, N.J., and four grandchildren.

-----------------16655-----------------------

Richard L. Gelb, the former chief executive of Bristol-Myers Squibb and a former director of The New York Times Company, died yesterday morning at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center in Manhattan, his wife, Phyllis, said. He was 79 years old and lived on the Upper East Side.

As chairman and chief executive of Bristol-Myers, Mr. Gelb presided over the company's merger with Squibb in 1989, creating what the company calls ''then the world's second-largest pharmaceutical enterprise.''

Mr. Gelb also oversaw Bristol-Myers's 1967 decision to keep its headquarters in Manhattan at a time when other companies were moving to the suburbs. The company's headquarters is now at 345 Park Avenue.

Mr. Gelb was born on June 8, 1924, in New York City to Lawrence M. Gelb and Joan Clair and received a bachelor of arts degree from Yale and a master's degree in business from Harvard. He served in the Army during World War II, then returned to New York and married Phyllis Nason in 1951.

Mr. Gelb went to work for the cosmetics company founded by his parents, Clairol. Bristol-Myers acquired Clairol in 1959, and in 1972, he took over as chief executive of Bristol-Myers. He retired from his leadership posts at the company in the mid-90's but continued to be a consultant there, his wife said.

Mr. Gelb was fascinated by police work, his wife said, and he helped to found the New York City Police Foundation, a fund-raising organization, with Mayor John V. Lindsay.

In addition to his wife, he is survived by four children, Lawrence Gelb, Lucy Sisto, Jane Gelb and James Gelb, and six grandchildren.

-----------------17498-----------------------

Harold Gabrilove, chairman of R.T.A. Distributors Inc. in Albany, a distributor of electronics products, died Thursday at his winter home in Boca Raton, Fla. Mr. Gabrilove, a resident of Albany, was 74 years old.

He helped organize a hospice in memory of his wife, Blanche Shapiro Gabrilove, in St. Peter's Hospital in Albany and was chairman of the hospital foundation.

Mr. Gabrilove is survived by a daughter, Sheila Richardson of Albany; two brothers, Dr. J. Lester Gabrilove of New York City and Melvin Gabrilove of Boca Raton; a sister, Edna Loeb of Spring Valley, N.Y., and two grandchildren.

-----------------17750-----------------------

Edgar M. Carlson, former president of Gustavus Adolphus College and a nationally recognized leader in higher education, died of cancer on Thursday at the Mount Olivet Careview Home here. He was 83 years old.

Mr. Carlson was well known as the founder of the Alfred B. Nobel conference. That annual meeting has earned Gustavus Adolphus, a small Lutheran college in St. Peter, Minn., about 50 miles southwest of Minneapolis, considerable prestige by attracting prominent scientists and Nobel laureates from around the world.

Mr. Carlson, a native of Amery, Wis., earned bachelor's degrees at Gustavus Adolphus and at Augustana Theological Seminary in Rock Island, Ill., and a master's degree at Augustana. He did doctoral work at the University of Chicago.

He was president of Gustavus Adolphus from 1944 to 1968; founded the Minnesota Private College Council, which continues to recognize distinguished service to higher education with an award in his name, and was a member of the National Commission on the Humanities, which was instrumental in establishing the National Endowment for the Humanities.

Mr. Carlson's wife, Ebba, died in 1986. He is survived by two sons, David J. Carlson of Edina, Minn., and Samuel E. Carlson of Plymouth, Minn., and a daughter, Joanna Swanson of Edina.

-----------------19129-----------------------

John B. Hartnett, retired chairman of the Xerox Corporation and a principal force behind the mass marketing of Xerox copiers, died of a heart attack last Thursday at his home in Pittsford, N.Y. He was 79 years old.

Mr. Hartnett retired as honorary chairman of the board of Xerox in 1965. He had joined the Haloid Company, forerunner of Xerox, in 1936 as assistant to the sales manager. In 1941 he became secretary and general sales manager of Haloid and in 1946 vice president in charge of sales and advertising. Shortly after that, the photographic process of xerography was introduced.

In 1958 the name of the company was changed to Haloid Xerox Inc., and in 1961 it became simply the Xerox Corporation. Mr. Hartnett was made chairman of the board in 1958 and honorary chairman in 1960.

Studied Forestry at Cornell

He was born in Hornell, N.Y., and graduated from Cornell University, where he majored in forestry. At first Mr. Hartnett went to Memphis to join a lumber concern, but he returned to New York to become a full-time fund-raising agent for his alma mater's Cornellian Council.

Later he worked as head of the lithographed stationery division of the Todd Company. In 1929 he was appointed to head sales and advertising for Graflex Inc. He also was with Eastman Kodak, which sent him across Africa in 1930 on a 4,000-mile trip by car to make travel films.

Then Mr. Hartnett joined the Hughes, Wolff Advertising Company, where he was assigned to the Haloid account. After he was hired by the Haloid Company in 1936, it used him to help develop xerography.

Making the Dictionary

He once recalled thinking when a young scientist proposed the name for the process, ''My God, a word beginning with X, but the more we thought about it, the more we were ready to try it.''

''And we got it into the dictionary.'' In 1953, while guiding Haloid's sales, Mr. Hartnett suffered his first heart attack. He had a second attack nine years later, but even after retirement, he remained active. He and his wife traveled around the world, stopping in Africa, the Soviet Union and Japan, among other places.

He was active in community affairs, serving on an upstate zoning board and helping the Boy Scouts and Girl Scouts. When his schedule permitted, he liked to play nine holes of golf a day. The family maintained a summer home on Block Island, R.I., and spent several months each winter in Florida.

Mr. Hartnett is survived by his wife, the former Mary Cullinan; a daughter, Nona White of Ithaca, N.Y.; a son, Sean Hartnett of Austin, Tex., and four grandchildren.

-----------------19155-----------------------

C. Raymond Hulsart, retired president of the New York Times Foundation and former secretary of The New York Times Company, died yesterday at the Candlewood Valley Care Center in New Milford, Conn., after a long illness. He was 69 years old and lived in South Kent, Conn.

Mr. Hulsart, who was named head of the foundation in 1974, retired in 1977 after nearly a quarter of a century with The Times. He had also been secretary of the company for more than six years.

Mr. Hulsart, a lawyer, specialized in personnel and industrial relations for The Times, and was its principal negotiator during the newspaper strikes of 1962-1963 and 1965. He was chairman of the Publishers Association of New York City in 1965-66.

He joined The Times in 1953 as assistant secretary, after serving as assistant to the general counsel of the New York Central Railroad from 1937 to 1947 and as secretary of Amalgamated Textiles Ltd. from 1947 to 1953.

He was named industrial relations manager of The Times in 1956, and director of industrial relations in 1962. With the formation in December 1965 of a new department that combined personnel and industrial relations, Mr. Hulsart was named its general director, the position he held until elected secretary in December 1967. While secretary, he was also vice president and operating head of the Times Foundation.

Mr. Hulsart, who was born July 12, 1912, in New York City, graduated from Dartmouth College with a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1934 and from Harvard Law School in 1937. He served with the Naval Reserve from 1942 to 1945.

Mr. Hulsart is survived by his wife, the former Shirley Crandall; two daughters, Dr. Barbara Hulsart of Manhattan and Sharon Wilson of Waterbury, Vt., and two grandchildren.

There will be a memorial service June 25 at 11 A.M. at St. Andrew's Episcopal Church, Kent, Conn.

-----------------19182-----------------------

Louis E. Goldstein, a former president and chairman of the National Bank of America, died Sunday at South Nassau Community Hospital in Oceanside, L.I. He was 86 years old and a resident of Manhattan.

Mr. Goldstein joined the bank in 1924 and served as a consultant after his retirement in 1966. He was a member of the board of overseers of the Jewish Theological Seminary of America.

He is survived by his wife, the former Syd Rossman; two daughters and a son from a previous marriage, Cora Hanft of Manhattan and Hilda Lubart of Hewlett Harbor, L.I., and Dr. Alan Garen of New Haven; 10 grandchildren, and four great-grandchildren.

-----------------19281-----------------------

Charles E. Beard, former president and chief executive officer of Braniff International Airways, died of a heart ailment Sunday at Baylor University Medical Center in Dallas. He was 81 years old and lived in Dallas.

Mr. Beard, who joined Braniff as a general traffic manager in Oklahoma City in 1935, was head of the airline from 1954 to 1965, directing its growth from a small regional airline based in Dallas to one of the nation's 10 largest carriers.

After 1965, when Mr. Beard retired, Braniff continued to expand, but as a result of debt, declining passenger loads and rising fuel costs in the late 1970's, it suspended operations last May and filed for protection under Federal bankruptcy laws.

Landmarks in Career

Mr. Beard rose quickly through the ranks at Braniff. He became a vice president in 1937, a member of the board of directors in 1943 and executive vice president in 1947. In that post, he was credited with much of the airline's aggressive expansion, including its first flights to Latin America in late 1940's.

After the death of Thomas E. Braniff, the company's founder, in a private plane crash, Mr. Beard was named president in January 1954. He was succeeded in February 1965 by Harding L. Lawrence, who was then executive vice president of Continental Air Lines.

Mr. Beard was a member of the Air Transport Association's national advertising committee and a member of the air transport committee of the United States Council of the International Chamber of Commerce. He was also a national director of the National Conference of Christians and Jews and a trustee of the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace.

Educated in Illinois and Ohio

Charles Edmund Beard was born in Toledo, Ohio. He attended Lake Forest Academy and Lake Forest College in Illinois and then, after serving in the Navy during World War I, was graduated from the University of Toledo, with a degree in journalism.

His association with the airline business began in 1929, when he was named secretary and manager of the newly organized Chicago Air Traffic Association, where he was in charge of the world's first consolidated air ticket office. He joined Northwest Airlines in St. Paul in 1933, and moved to Braniff two years later.

Mr. Beard is survived by his wife, Doris Stewart Beard; a son, the Rev. Robert D. Beard of Denver; a daughter, Barbara Rose Magee of Dallas; seven grandchildren, and 15 great-grandchildren. Funeral services were scheduled for 2 P.M. today at St. Michael's and All Angels Episcopal Church in Dallas.

-----------------20209-----------------------

Sarah Gibson Blanding, the first female president of Vassar College, died yesterday at a retirement home in Newtown, Pa., where she had lived since 1980. She was 86 years old.

Miss Blanding, the sixth president of Vassar, led the college from 1946 to 1964. She made major changes in the school's curriculum, emphasizing independent work, and oversaw significant growth in the investment portfolio of the college, which was founded in 1861 in Poughkeepsie, N.Y.

She also pioneered basic research into the psychological changes of students during their college years.

While she was fundamentally concerned with the education of women and their role in society, in 1961 she accurately forecast the gradual disappearance of women's colleges in this country. Vassar began admitting men in 1969.

Miss Blanding was a vigorous and vocal exponent for women. ''I have never been conscious of obstacles raised because I am a woman,'' she said in one of her first interviews as president. ''I have no patience with women who are always talking about 'a man's world,' because they are the ones who make it so.''

Born on a Farm

Miss Blanding was born in 1898 on a small farm near Lexington, Ky., to an internal revenue officer and his wife. She attended the New Haven (Conn.) Normal School of Gymnastics and upon graduating agreed to teach at the University of Kentucky, on the condition that she could attend classes in the mornings and leave teaching to the afternoons.

After she graduated in 1923, she remained at the university as acting dean of women. At 24, she was the youngest person in the country to hold such a post. She earned a master's degree at Columbia University in 1926 and studied at the London School of Economics, under Harold Laski, who later became Deputy Prime Minister to Winston Churchill.

In 1928, she returned to the University of Kentucky, serving as dean of women and teaching political science.

In 1941, she became dean of the New York State College of Home Economics at Cornell University, where she remained until Vassar asked her to assume its presidency.

At her retirement in 1964, the Vassar faculty presented her with a tractor, evoking both the practical effects of her tenure and her Kentucky childhood.

Miss Blanding is survived by ''a few distant relatives in Kentucky,'' according to a Vassar spokesman, Dixie Sheridan. Miss Blanding asked that there be no funeral or memorial service.

-----------------20536-----------------------

Raymond S. Reed Jr., a former president of the Manhattan toy company F. A. O. Schwarz, died of cancer Friday at his home in Darien, Conn. He was 60 years old.

Mr. Reed, who was born in Boston, was president of F. A. O. Schwarz from 1972 to 1975. He later became vice president of the Celludata Company, a Norwalk, Conn., electronics company, and was a consultant at the time of his death.

Mr. Reed graduated from Harvard University in 1946 and received a master's degree from Harvard Business School in 1950.

He is survived by his wife, the former Joan Dillon; a son, Stephen D., of Manhattan; two daughters, Carol Naill of Arlington, Va., and Barbara Mason of Panama, and four grandchildren.

-----------------20599-----------------------

Jack Toal, former president of the Metropolitan Taxicab Board of Trade and chairman of the Health and Welfare Fund of the Taxicab Industry Benefit Funds, was killed last Friday in an automobile accident on the Hutchinson River Parkway. He was 48 years old and lived in New Rochelle, N.Y.

Mr. Toal headed the Board of Trade, representing 22 fleets with 2,500 cabs employing 10,000 drivers, from 1979 to 1983. He was chairman of the Health and Welfare Fund for 10 years before his death.

Earlier in his career Mr. Toal was head of Carrick Service, a taxicab business he operated with his brother, Terrance, in Long Island City, Queens.

He was born in County Tyrone, Ireland, came here in 1939 and graduated from Fairfield University in 1959.

In addition to his brother, surviving are his wife, the former Margaret Boland, and five children, Terrance, Peter, Maura, Kathryn and Julie, all of New Rochelle.

-----------------20608-----------------------

Dr. Ralph Waldo Lloyd, president emeritus of Maryville College in Maryville, Tenn., died Monday at his home in Bradenton, Fla. He was 93 years old.

Dr. Lloyd became president of Maryville College in 1930, a post he held until he retired in 1961.

Known for his service to the ecumenical movement, Dr. Lloyd was chairman of the Permanent Commission on Interchurch Relations of the Presbyterian Church in the U.S.A. from 1941 to 1958.

His wife, the former Margaret A. Bell, died in 1979.

He is survived by four children, John Vernon of Chicago, Hal Baldwin of Valley Stream, N.Y., Ruth Kramer of Pittsburgh and Louise Palm of Stony Point, N.Y.; 17 grandchildren, and 13 great-grandchildren.

-----------------20702-----------------------

Norman Ira Schafler, the founder, former president and chief executive officer of the Condec Corporation, a Connecticut company dealing in robotics, defense, aerospace and industrial equipment, died at Lenox Hill Hospital Thursday after suffering a heart attack at a Manhattan restaurant. He was 68 years old and lived in Manhattan and Westport, Conn.

Mr. Schafler, who was born in the Bronx, started Condec in 1942 and built it into a $350 million public company based in Old Greenwich. He was also chairman of the board of the Cortec Group, a private holding company formed in 1984.

In 1982, he was appointed by Governor Cuomo to serve on a high-technology advisory board of the New York State Urban Development Corporation.

He is survived by his wife, the former Rubelle Sanders; a son, Scott, and a daughter, Julie Dale, both of Manhattan, and two grandsons.

-----------------21748-----------------------

Arthur Luce Klein, the founder and president of Spoken Arts, a pioneering company in the field of recorded literature, died on April 7 at his home in New Rochelle, N.Y. He was 81.

Mr. Klein founded Spoken Arts with his wife, Luce, in the mid-1950's to record important works of literature, poetry and drama. Since then the company has released more than 700 recordings of works by Yeats, Arthur Miller, Allen Ginsberg and numerous others, many of which are used in schools and libraries around the United States and abroad. Many of the recordings, like the 18-volume "Treasury of 100 Modern American Poets," are of authors reading from their own works.

Mr. Klein was born in Carbondale, Pa. He received a doctorate in theater arts from the University of Michigan and studied at the Sorbonne in Paris. After serving in the Army during World War II, he taught drama at the University of California at Berkeley, and in 1950 became the first American to direct plays at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts in London. He also directed and acted in plays throughout Europe, and, as the recipient of a grant from the State Department, lectured and gave readings at universities in France, Belgium and the Netherlands.

In addition to his wife, he is survived by three daughters, Judith E., of Manhattan; Florence, of Santa Barbara, Calif., and Rosine, of New Rochelle; a son, Joel, of Baltimore; a sister, Sylvia Meil of Scranton, Pa., and seven grandchildren.

-----------------21840-----------------------

William A. Koshland, chairman emeritus and former president of the publisher Alfred A. Knopf, died on Wednesday at Mount Sinai Medical Center in Manhattan. He was 90 and lived in Manhattan.

The cause was cancer, said William T. Loverd, a senior vice president at Knopf, an autonomous division of Random House since 1960.

Mr. Koshland, born in Boston and a 1928 graduate of Harvard College, began his career at Knopf in 1934. He soon established a close relationship with Alfred A. and Blanche W. Knopf, who founded the house in 1915 in Manhattan and turned its imprint into a seal of quality.

Modesty was not Mr. Knopf's strong suit, which seemed fine with Mr. Koshland as he worked behind the scenes to extend and strengthen the firm's relations with authors, booksellers and publishers at home and abroad. He became a regular at the Frankfurt Book Fair well before many other American publishers marked it as a must on their calendars.

He kept in touch with Knopf's foreign writers, including Thomas Mann, Brendan Behan and Elizabeth Bowen.

Among the American authors he dealt with were Willa Cather, Ira Gershwin, John Hersey and Robert Nathan.

Mr. Koshland achieved a major hit when he added "Mastering the Art of French Cooking" by Julia Child, Louisette Bertholle and Simone Beck to the fabled Knopf list in 1961. That first volume kindled a revolution in American kitchens as well as a lasting relationship with Julia Child and one of publishing's longest-running and most lucrative success stories.

He was named president of Knopf in 1966 and succeeded Mr. Knopf as chairman in 1973. Mrs. Knopf died in 1966 and Mr. Knopf in 1984, having kept in touch with the editors about the editorial content and commercial fortunes of the Knopf list.

Mr. Loverd, Knopf's publicity director, said that after Mr. Koshland's retirement 20 years ago he maintained contacts with foreign houses and some of the authors he had worked with, and advised on matters like royalties. "But," he added, "the greatest value of all was that he was the corporate memory of the house."

Sonny Mehta, president and editor in chief of Knopf, said yesterday that Mr. Koshland "epitomized the postwar international publishing community: an urbane, close-knit network that dealt with serious writing, irrespective of where it originated, in a time when publishers did not travel with the frequency they do now."

William Abraham Koshland served as a naval air officer in Asia and the Pacific in World War II, winning the Distinguished Flying Cross, among other decorations. He was a benefactor of Phillips Exeter Academy, Harvard University and U.J.A.-Federation of Jewish Philanthropies.

There are no immediate survivors.

-----------------22168-----------------------

Granville H. Bourne, former president of the Commonwealth and Southern Corporation and board chairman of its successor, Commonwealth Services, died Thursday at his home in Montclair, N.J. He was 90 years old.

He had been a director and officer of several utilities, including the Consumers Power Company, the Central Illinois Light Company, the Ohio Edison Company, the Southern Company and the Georgia Power Company.

He was born in Brooklyn. In 1918, he served in the United States Army in Air Service Production in Washington. He is survived by two sons, Granville H. Jr. and Donald W., and five grandchildren.

-----------------22182-----------------------

HARBINGER OF SPRING FOR GARDENERS OF AMERICA

By ALFRED E. CLARK

David Burpee, whose mail-order seed catalogues have been a harbinger of spring for American gardeners for years, died Tuesday at Doylestown Hospital in Doylestown, Pa. He was 87 years old.

During his 55-year tenure as head of the W. Atlee Burpee Company, the largest mail-order seed company in the world, he developed hundreds of varieties of flowers and vegetables. He was also an adroit businesman who created various successful merchandising methods.

Mr. Burpee was the son of W. Atlee Burpee, the descendant of a family of Huguenots who moved to Philadelphia from Canada. The father began his venture in the seed trade by opening a small store in suburban Warminster in 1876. The younger Burpee took over the company in 1915, when he was 22 and had had only a few months' study in horticulture.

Always Something New

As a seed merchant he always made a point of having something new in his annual catalogue. Hybrid tomatoes and cucumbers were among the new listings. The hybrid vegetables, which were hardier, more disease resistant and higher yielding than others, helped Victory Gardeners raise bumper crops in World War II.

In the 1920's, sweet peas were the company's biggest seller in flower seeds but root disease reduced their hardiness and Mr. Burpee looked to the marigold as a substitute. However, the plant did not become popular because of its kerosene-like smell, and an intense research program was started to produce a more acceptable flower. Just as the program seemed a failure, a missionary in Tibet sent a sampling of seeds from which a golden-orange and ordorless marigold was developed. The bloom was named the Crown of Gold.

Mr. Burpee also sought to develop a white marigold and in 1954 offered a $10,000 prize for a seed that would produce one. The prize was given to Alice Vonk of Sully, Iowa, 21 years later.

Registered as Marigold Lobbyist

In 1959 Mr. Burpee began an unsuccessful campaign to have the marigold, which he called ''A flower of all the people,'' declared the national flower. It was, he said, ''a symbol of the desire of the United States for peace and friendship with all the peoples of the world.'' He even registered in Washington as a lobbyist to promote the marigold's cause.

As a 10-year-old he had his first taste of the business picking sage seeds on the family's Fordhook Farm for 5 cents an hour. He attended Culver Military Academy and was a student at Cornell University when he was called to succeed his father.

One of his merchandizing ideas was the naming of a new flower each year after some well-known person such as Mrs. Douglas MacArthur, Pearl Buck, Kate Smith and Helen Hayes.

Business Sold in 1970

Mr. Burpee sent out as many as four million copies of his seed catalogues annually. Also, each year just before catalogue time, he ''unveiled'' his newest seed offering at the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel in New York City. As many as 4,000 people would attend - horticulturists, garden club members and the press, all bearing engraved invitations - who would hear from him the story of the creation of a new hybrid flower or vegetable.

Mr. Burpee sold the business to the General Foods Corporation in 1970 but remained as a consultant. In 1979, the International Telephone and Telegraph Corporation bought the company.

Mr. Burpee lived at Fordhook Farm, his 500-acre boyhod home which was also an experimmental center. He received many honors, including the American Horticultural Society's highest award, the Liberty Hyde Bailey Medal.

Mr. Burpee once explained his love for gardening in these words: ''If you want to be happy for an hour, get drunk. If you want to be happy for a weekend, get married. If you want to be happy for a whole week, kill your pig and eat it. But if you want to be happy all your life, become a gardener.''

He is survived by his wife, the former Lois Torrance; a son, Jonathan; a daughter, Blanche Elizabeth Dohan, and five grandchildren.

A memorial service will be held Monday at Fordhook Farm.

-----------------22395-----------------------

Homer W. Robinson, president of the Alaska Beverage Company in Fairbanks, a Coca-Cola franchise, died Sunday at his home in Mantoloking, N.J. He was 67 years old.

Mr. Robinson was a former chairman and chief executive officer of Alaska Airlines. In 1940, he and a business partner, the late Raymond W. Marshall, became the principal stockholders of Star Air Service, which they combined with three bush-pilot air services, and renamed it Alaska Airlines, whose offices are now in Seattle. Their association with Alaska Airlines continued until 1958.

Mr. Robinson was also associated with property development in Anchorage and in Sarasota, Fla. He was born in Ossining, N.Y., and was graduated from Yale University in 1937. Surviving are his wife, the former Isabel Hubbell, and two sons, John W. of Little Compton, R.I., and Theodore N. of Block Island, R.I.

-----------------23884-----------------------

Arthur G. Boardman Jr., a retired president of the Irving Trust Company, died in his sleep early yesterday at his home at Meadow Lakes, a retirement community in Hightstown, N.J. He was 81 years old and lived in Short Hills, N.J., until two years ago.

He died of emphysema, his family said.

He joined Irving Trust in 1932 and, except for three years' service in the United States Navy in World War II, spent his entire career with the bank. For many years, he worked in its international division, which he headed from 1955 to 1961. He then became an executive vice president and joined the board of directors.

He was elected president in 1970 and retired in 1975. Irving Trust was merged into the Bank of New York in 1988.

Mr. Boardman, who was born in New Bedford, Mass., graduated from Dartmouth College and the Amos Tuck School of Business Administration. He was a past trustee of the Citizens Budget Commission and in the 1960's served for two years as general chairman of the United Hospital Fund.

He is survived by his wife, Jean; a son, James, of Riverside, Conn.; a daughter, Nancy Sparkman of Manchester Center, Vt., and two grandchildren.

-----------------24560-----------------------

Alfred L. Morse, retired head of a chain of shoe stores, died of a heart attack Friday at Mount Auburn Hospital in Cambridge, Mass. He was 87 years old and lived in Cambridge.

Mr. Morse was the founder and chairman of the Morse Shoe Company, which is based in Canton, Mass., and operates shoe stores and factories in the United States and Canada. He was a former president of the National Association of Shoe Chain Stores.

A fellow of Brandeis University, Mr. Morse and his late brother, Lester, gave $500,000 to expand the school's communication research institute, which bears their name.

Mr. Morse was a member of the President's Council of Boston College and a founder of the Albert Einstein College of Medicine in New York. He was also a trustee of Beth Israel Hospital and the Combined Jewish Philanthropies of Boston.

Born in Boston, he graduated from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania in 1924 and received an honorary doctor of law degree from Boston University in 1973.

He is survived by his wife, Annette; a daughter, Harriet M. Zimmerman of Atlanta, Ga.; a sister, Helen Birke of Laguna Hills, Calif., six grandchildren and four great-grandchildren.

-----------------24756-----------------------

Herbert M. Allison Jr., a former president of Merrill Lynch who was appointed to lead and help rescue a troubled Fannie Mae and who later ran the federal government's bank bailout program, died on Sunday at his home in Westport, Conn. He was 69.

The death was confirmed by his son Andrew, who said the cause was possibly a heart attack.

Mr. Allison, a political appointee of both President Obama and President George W. Bush, was put in charge of Fannie Mae in 2008 as part of the Bush administration's effort to rescue it and its sister company, Freddie Mac. The two companies, both government-sponsored, are the nation's largest mortgage finance entities, created during the Depression to help make mortgages more affordable for homeowners.

The bailout of the companies, engineered by the Treasury secretary, Henry M. Paulson Jr., was one of the most extraordinary and expensive federal interventions in American history, totaling about $180 billion. By taking over the companies and replacing their managements, the administration sought to calm Wall Street concerns that these ''too big to fail'' institutions would go under and take the rest of the housing market -- as well as the entire economy -- with them.

Mr. Allison, who at the time had only recently retired as chairman and chief executive of TIAA-CREF, the giant financial services company, replaced Daniel H. Mudd at Fannie Mae after Fannie suffered a staggering $29 billion third-quarter loss in 2008. The losses almost wiped out shareholders entirely as housing prices plummeted, leaving millions of homeowners struggling to pay mortgages that were often larger than the value of their homes. Five years later the government still controls Fannie and Freddie, which are now profitable.

After President Obama took office in 2009, he appointed Mr. Allison to the Treasury Department as assistant secretary for financial stability. Mr. Allison had supported Mr. Obama's 2008 presidential run, even though two election cycles earlier he had run the finance committee for Senator John McCain's 2000 presidential campaign.

As assistant secretary, Mr. Allison helped oversee the Troubled Asset Relief Program, or TARP, the banking industry bailout also created under the Bush administration and endorsed by Mr. Obama. Mr. Allison left the Treasury Department in September 2010, and about a year later the White House appointed him to conduct an independent review of government loans to energy companies after the bankruptcy of Solyndra, a solar panel company that had received government financing under the Obama administration.

In a statement on Monday night, Timothy F. Geithner, the former Treasury secretary, described Mr. Allison as ''both a C.E.O. and a statesman, who served his country at a time of peril, bringing financial expertise and commercial judgment to the challenge of saving the American economy from a failing financial system.''

Herbert Monroe Allison Jr. was born on Aug. 2, 1943, in Pittsburgh and grew up on Long Island in Garden City. His father worked for the F.B.I.

Mr. Allison earned a bachelor's degree in philosophy from Yale before earning his master's degree in business at Stanford.

''People used to say that working for Herb was like getting an M.B.A. from Harvard,'' said Steve Goldstein, who was executive vice president under Mr. Allison at TIAA-CREF, ''but he'd correct them and say, 'No, it's like getting an M.B.A. from Stanford.' ''

Mr. Allison also served in the Navy as an officer for four years, one of them based in Nha Trang during the war in Vietnam.

He began his financial services career at Merrill and remained with it for 28 years, working his way up to president, chief operating officer and member of the board. While at Merrill, he helped coordinate the group of banks that bailed out the hedge fund Long-Term Capital Management in 1998. That same year he oversaw large layoffs after a period of turmoil in the markets. He left in 1999 amid a leadership shake-up.

After joining TIAA-CREF (which stands for Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association-College Retirement Equities Fund), Mr. Allison oversaw its downsizing, laying off 500 of its employees, or about 8 percent of the work force. Employees called the dismissals ''Herbicides.''

Mr. Allison was also the founder of a start-up called the Alliance for Lifelong Learning, a joint venture with several universities; a director of Time Warner; and a member of advisory panels at the Yale School of Management, the Stanford Graduate School of Business and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. He was a director of the New York Stock Exchange from 2003 through 2005.

Mr. Allison wrote a book about the financial crisis in 2011, ''The Megabanks Mess,'' in which he argued that the nation's largest banks should be broken up. He was working on another book at his death, his family said.

Besides his son Andrew, Mr. Allison is survived by his wife, the former Simin Nazemi; another son, John, and a younger brother, George.

Mr. Allison met his wife in Tehran, where he was working for Merrill at the time and she was a secretary to a bank managing director. Before the two could marry, however, her father insisted that Mr. Allison first learn some Persian, his son Andrew said. So Mr. Allison did, building a vocabulary of 1,000 Persian words over two weeks by reading them from flashcards.

-----------------25343-----------------------

Qiao Guanhua, a former Chinese Foreign Minister who fell into disgrace for his purported connections with the radical faction now castigated as the Gang of Four, died of lung cancer today. He was 70 years old.

The official New China News Agency, in reporting Mr. Qiao's death, omitted any mention of his previous career and identified him only as an adviser to the Association for Friendship with Foreign Countries, a post in which he surfaced last February after more than six years in official obscurity.

Mr. Qiao, an urbane German-educated journalist who turned diplomat, was a protege of Prime Minister Zhou Enlai, who died in 1976. Mr. Qiao led Peking's first delegation to the United Nations when China was admitted in 1971 and played a role in the normalization of China's relations with the United States.

He became Foreign Minister in 1974, but was dismissed in late 1976 following the arrest of Jiang Qing, the widow of chairman Mao Zedong, and the other members of the Gang of Four. One of the charges was that his second wife, Zhang Hanzi, was a close friend of Miss Jiang, who is now in prison.

Earned Doctorate in Germany

Mr. Qiao, who was respected abroad as a capable and intelligent spokesman for China, was born in Jiangsu province, the birthplace of Mr. Zhou, in 1913. Mr. Qiao studied philosophy at Qinghua University in Peking and then went to Germany to earn a doctorate at the University of T"ubingen. He became fluent in English as well as German.

He returned to China shortly before the outbreak of China's war with Japan and joined the propaganda department of the Kuomintang Government before making his reputation as a leftist journalist. By one account, he joined the Communist Party in 1940.

Mr. Qiao moved to Hong Kong where he wrote under the pen name of Qiao Mu. When the Japanese captured Hong Kong, Mr. Qiao made his way back into China, living for a while with Communist guerrillas near Canton before arriving in China's wartime capital of Chungking.

There he joined the Communist liaison mission, wrote for the Communist press, and joined Zhou Enlai in negotiations with the Nationalist Government. After civil war broke out, Mr. Qiao went back to Hong Kong as bureau chief of the New China News Agency, but returned to Peking when the Communists took power in 1949.

Accompanied Zhou Abroad

He accompanied Mr. Zhou on subsequent official travels abroad. Mr. Qiao's first wife, Gong Pang, another disciple of Mr. Zhou, headed the Foreign Ministry's Information Department for nearly 10 years.

After she died in 1970, Mr. Qiao married Miss Zhang, who had been an English-language interpreter with the first Chinese mission to the United Nations.

Mr. Qiao worked closely with Mr. Zhou in developing the first cautious contacts with the United States. He and Henry Kissinger drafted the Shanghai communique during President Richard M. Nixon's visit to China in 1972 that opened the way to the normalization of relations between Washington and Peking.

In 1974, Mr. Qiao became China's Foreign Minister. After addressing the United Nations General Assembly in 1976, he returned home only to be replaced by Huang Hua, who stepped down as Foreign Minister nearly a year ago.

Mr. Qiao was interrogated about his ties to the radicals led by Miss Jiang. It appeared that he had gotten into trouble because of her close association with his second wife, Miss Zhang, whose father, Zhang Shizhao had been a teacher of the young Mao. Mr. Qiao was also reported to have led criticism in the Foreign Ministry of Deng Xiaoping, now China's top leader, when he was discredited by the radicals in 1976.

-----------------26975-----------------------

Cecil L. Wright, former president and chief administrative officer of the J.C. Penney Company, died of a heart attack Wednesday at Bethesda Memorial Hospital in Boynton Beach, Fla. Mr. Wright, who lived in Boynton Beach and Roaring Gap, N.C., was 74 years old.

Mr. Wright was president of Penney from 1968 to 1972 and a director until 1979. He began working for Penney at the age of 19 in his hometown, Greeneville, Tenn.

Before being named executive vice president in 1967, he was vice president, general sales manager and merchandise manager for the chain.

In World War II, he served as a lieutenant in the Navy. Mr. Wright lived for several years in Roslyn, L.I., and had been a member of the Sales Executive Club of New York and the Economic Club of New York.

Surviving are his wife, Ruth, and a son, Stephen, both of Boynton Beach, and a sister, Elizabeth Craven, of Greeneville.

-----------------27042-----------------------

Jane B. Aron, former vice chairman of the board of trustees of Mount Sinai Medical Center, died of cancer there Monday. She was 69 years old and lived in Manhattan.

In her long voluntary association with the hospital, Mrs. Aron had also been president of the auxiliary board and chairman of the patients' services committee. She was a member of the executive committee of the United Hospital Fund of New York and a trustee of the Central Synagogue, the first woman to hold the post, from 1958 to 1962.

Mrs. Aron was a graduate of Mills College in Oakland, Calif., and a former president of the Mills College Club of New York. She is survived by her husband, Jack; a daughter, Jacqueline A. Morrison of Franklin Lakes, N.J.; two sons, Robert and Peter A., both of Manhattan, and six grandchildren.

-----------------28023-----------------------

Mario Scelba, a founder of Italy's dominant Christian Democratic party, a former Prime Minister and the postwar Interior Minister whose riot squads battled Communists on the left and neo-Fascists on the right in the unsettled years of the young republic, died on Tuesday in Rome. He was 90 years old.

A party official said he died at his home of thrombosis.

A Sicilian lawyer, Mr. Scelba was named Interior Minister in 1947 by Prime Minister Alcide de Gasperi and remained in the post for six years. He served as Italy's fifth Prime Minister in 1954 and 1955, Christian Democratic party leader in 1966, and President of the European Parliament from 1969 to 1971.

Threats From Left and Right

As Mr. Scelba took over as Interior Minister, the sparse and ill-equipped police units at his command faced threats of violence from both the left and right. Italy's Communists had been frozen out of the government and the extreme right refused to accept the collapse of Fascism.

Mr. Scelba quickly assembled a motorized force with the latest in riot-control equipment and enough manpower to cover the length and breadth of the Italian boot.

The definitive test of strength came in 1950 during a nationwide general strike and mounting street clashes. On one day in March 1950, hundreds were wounded, including many policemen, and 7,000 people were arrested.

Emerged as Prime Minister

Out of office for five months after Mr. de Gasperi's death, Mr. Scelba emerged as Prime Minister in 1954 and led a center-right government for 16 months. He sought strong relations with the United States and helped resolve outstanding wartime issues like the recovery of Trieste for Italy.

In June 1955, Mr. Scelba's Government collapsed amid animosities among party factions. A political rival from the party's left wing, Antonio Segni, put together the first of Italy's many center-left coalitions. Although he remained a member of the Italian parliament, Mr. Scelba's right wing of the party never had the strength to command another government.

The son of a peasant, Mr. Scelba attended a seminary in his native Caltagirone, an ancient town founded by the Saracens, and studied law in Rome. He began his political career as personal secretary to the Rev. Luigi Sturzo, founder of the Popular Party, a forerunner of the Christian Democrats.

The Fascists outlawed the Popular Party but, working underground, Mr. Scelba escaped their attention and helped found the party's newspaper, Il Popolo. In 1945, he won a seat in the postwar Constituent Assembly and entered de Gasperi's Cabinet as Minister of Post and Telecommunications.

The names of his survivors were not immediately available.

-----------------28084-----------------------

Shimon Peres, one of the last surviving pillars of Israel's founding generation, who did more than anyone to build up his country's formidable military might, then worked as hard to establish a lasting peace with Israel's Arab neighbors, died on Wednesday in a Tel Aviv area hospital. He was 93.

His death was announced by his son Nehemya Peres, who is known as Chemi, and his personal physician and son-in-law Dr. Rafi Walden, outside the Sheba Medical Center, where he had been hospitalized for the last two weeks.

Mr. Peres died just over two weeks after suffering a stroke. Doctors kept him largely unconscious and on a breathing tube since then in the hope that it would give his brain a chance to heal. But he deteriorated as the nation he once led watched his last battle play out publicly and as leaders from around the world sent wishes for his recovery.

As prime minister (twice); as minister of defense, foreign affairs, finance and transportation; and, until 2014, as president, Mr. Peres never left the public stage during Israel's seven decades.

He led the creation of Israel's defense industry, negotiated key arms deals with France and Germany and was the prime mover behind the development of Israel's nuclear weapons. But he was consistent in his search for an accommodation with the Arab world, a search that in recent years left him orphaned as Israeli society lost interest, especially after the upheavals of the 2011 Arab Spring led to tumult on its borders.

Chosen by Parliament in 2007 to serve a seven-year term as president, Mr. Peres had complicated relations with the hawkish government of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, elected in 2009. While largely a ceremonial post, the presidency afforded Mr. Peres a perch with access and public attention, and he tried to exert his influence.

For someone who was dogged for decades by a reputation for vanity and back-room dealing, Mr. Peres ended his years in public office as a remarkably beloved figure, a founding pioneer who set an example for forward thinking by promoting the country's high-tech prowess and cultural reach.

Never at a loss for a bon mot in his Polish-accented Hebrew, English and French, Mr. Peres said of his transformation: ''For 60 years I was the most controversial figure in the country, and suddenly I'm the most popular man in the land. Truth be told, I don't know when I was happier, then or now.''

Historic Handshake

In his efforts to help Israel find acceptance in a hostile region, Mr. Peres's biggest breakthrough came in 1993, when he worked out a plan with the Palestine Liberation Organization for self-government in Gaza and in part of the West Bank, both of which were occupied by Israel.

After months of secret negotiation with representatives of the P.L.O., conducted with the help of Norwegian diplomats and intellectuals, Mr. Peres persuaded his old political rival Yitzhak Rabin, then the prime minister, to accept the plan. It became known as the Oslo Accords.

Mr. Peres, who was serving as foreign minister, overview-rabin-arafat-seal-their-accord-clinton-applauds-brave.html">signed the accords on Sept. 13, 1993, in a ceremony on the South Lawn of the White House as Mr. Rabin and their old enemy Yasir Arafat, the chairman of the P.L.O., looked on and, with some prodding by President Bill Clinton, shook hands.

It was a gesture both unprecedented and historic. Up to that time, Israel had refused to negotiate directly with the P.L.O. Mr. Peres broke the taboo, and the impasse.

''What we are doing today is more than signing an agreement; it is a revolution,'' he said at the ceremony. ''Yesterday a dream, today a commitment.''

''We are sincere,'' he pledged to the Palestinians. ''We mean business. We do not seek to shape your lives or determine your destiny. Let all of us turn from bullets to ballots, from guns to shovels.''

Later that day, in a television interview, Mr. Peres pronounced himself 100 percent sure that peace had arrived. With the changes in the world -- the end of the Cold War; the collapse of the Soviet Union and with it its military, financial and diplomatic support of the P.L.O.; and the drying up of funds from Arab countries angered over Arafat's support of Iraq in the recent Persian Gulf war -- the time had come for the Palestinians, too, to seek peace.

''If you have children,'' he said, ''you cannot feed them forever with flags for breakfast and cartridges for lunch. You need something more substantial. Unless you educate your children and spend less money on conflicts, unless you develop your science, technology and industry, you don't have a future.''

Mr. Peres, Mr. Rabin and Arafat were awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 1994.

But the era of good feelings did not last. Barely a year later, Mr. Rabin was assassinated by a Jewish gunman upset by the accords; the death elevated Mr. Peres to the post of prime minister. But a series of Palestinian suicide bombings undercut Mr. Peres's authority, and he lost a narrow election to Mr. Netanyahu in 1996.

Conflict between Israel and the Palestinians accelerated in 2000 after a visit by the opposition leader Ariel Sharon to the sacred plaza in Jerusalem known to Jews as the Temple Mount and to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary. The next day, the Israeli police fired on stone-throwing protesters, inaugurating a new round of violence that became known as the second intifada.

It did not end until Arafat died in 2004, bringing new leadership to the Palestinians and a new effort at coexistence led by Mr. Sharon, a former hawk who had been elected prime minister. He withdrew Israeli settlers and soldiers from Gaza and small parts of the West Bank.

Mr. Peres had tried before to get a peace settlement, in 1987, between Israel and Jordan. He was foreign minister in a coalition government with Yitzhak Shamir when he proposed an international peace conference on the Middle East. But Mr. Shamir and his Likud faction scuttled the plan.

Mr. Peres had sought to settle the future of the West Bank and Gaza, which Israel had occupied since the Arab-Israeli War in 1967. As a first step, he proposed that Jordan and Israel could either divide the land or share the government but that Israel should not control the area forever.

A Coalition, and Calm

Mr. Peres became prime minister at the head of an unusual coalition of Israel's two major political parties, his own Labor Party, and the Likud, the party led by Yitzhak Shamir, who served as deputy prime minister and foreign minister. In accordance with the coalition agreement, the two men exchanged posts after 25 months.

Mr. Peres brought a period of tranquillity to the social environment, which had been frayed by animosities between European and Middle Eastern Jews and between religious Jews and secular Jews.

He presided over the withdrawal of Israeli forces from Lebanon after an invasion that had generated unprecedented controversy, and he became the first Israeli prime minister to take the difficult steps required to deal with the nation's fundamental economic problems and ruinous inflation.

During his time in office, Israel airlifted some 7,000 Ethiopian Jews who had trekked to refugee camps in Sudan to escape famine, anti-Semitism, forced conscription of boys and other threats that had made their lives in Ethiopia precarious. Mr. Peres called the clandestine rescue operation a ''daring and wonderful'' act of ''self-redemption.''

Taking over what was expected to be a government of national impasse, Mr. Peres left office with an image as a dignified, self-confident statesman.

But while he was prime minister, severe strains developed in relations between the United States and Israel growing out of a major spy scandal involving an American, Jonathan Jay Pollard, and the disclosure in 1986 of Iranian arms deals.

A man of medium height and slender, athletic build -- his dark hair turned gray and then white in his later years -- Mr. Peres always exuded vitality, despite a schedule that kept him going 18 hours a day. When, on his 88th birthday, he was offered a traditional Jewish greeting, ''May you live till 120,'' he retorted without missing a beat, ''Don't be stingy.''

Mr. Peres was married to the former Sonya Gelman, who shunned the spotlight to the point of refusing to move into the president's house when he took his last public post. She died in January 2011. They had three children: a daughter, Zvia, and two sons, Jonathan and Nehemya. They and Mr. Peres's eight grandchildren and three great-grandchildren survive him.

Mr. Peres was an effective speaker, comfortable in front of large audiences as well as the television camera. He cultivated party members -- remembering their names and attending their weddings and bar mitzvahs -- and nurtured his relationship with the intelligentsia.

He also wrote poetry and was given to quoting the ancient Greeks and Flaubert and Churchill. He published a dozen books, including ''The New Middle East,'' in 1993, and ''Battling for Peace,'' a memoir, in 1995. His last book was an affectionate political biography of his mentor, the country's founding prime minister, David Ben-Gurion.

A Journey From Poland

He was born Shimon Persky on Aug. 16, 1923, to a merchant family in the small village of Vishniewa, Poland. His parents, Yitzhak and Sara Persky, took him to Palestine when he was 11, where he studied in Tel Aviv and then entered an agricultural school.

In 1941, he helped found Kibbutz Alumot in the eastern Lower Galilee, where he worked as a herdsman and was elected kibbutz secretary. He soon became active in the Mapai, which was to become Israel's Labor Party, and at 18 was appointed the coordinator of the youth movement of the Histadrut, the General Labor Federation.

He rose rapidly, getting experience in the intricacies of Israeli political life. In 1944, Ben-Gurion, then the head of the Jewish Agency for Palestine, sent Mr. Peres with a small reconnaissance group to Eilat on the Red Sea to survey the Sinai Desert and make maps, which became important strategic assets during the 1948 war of independence.

It was on that mission that a friend sighted a nest of eagles, ''peres'' in Hebrew. ''Persky,'' he said, ''why don't you change your family name to Peres?'' He accepted the suggestion, though the bird they saw was in fact more a vulture than an eagle.

When Israel became independent in 1948, Mr. Peres was named head of the naval service. Within two years, he was sent to the United States to lead a defense supply mission in New York. He was 27 and spoke no English, but within three months, after rounds of intensive private lessons, he was fluent. He took courses at the New School for Social Research and New York University, and later at the Harvard School of Public Administration.

In 1951, Ben-Gurion, then prime minister and minister of defense, appointed Mr. Peres director general of the Defense Ministry, where he used his Harvard training to reorganize the department. Mr. Peres became known as one of ''Ben-Gurion's boys'' -- protgs of the ''Old Man'' -- a group that included Teddy Kollek and Moshe Dayan.

Those years may have been the genesis of a lifelong rivalry with Mr. Rabin, who at the time was chief of the operations branch, the second-highest position in the Israeli Army. He complained of what he called Mr. Peres's excessive authority.

At the Defense Ministry, Mr. Peres was in charge of a substantial portion of the nation's total budget, and he played a central role in developing the young nation's industry, particularly in aeronautics and electronics.

He stressed domestic weapons production, but when Egypt received advanced military equipment from the Soviet Union and Czechoslovakia, Mr. Peres began to cast about for new sources of supply. He finally turned to France.

His timing was excellent. The French believed the Algerian revolutionaries fighting for independence were fueled by President Gamal Abdel Nasser of Egypt and saw Israel as a source of intelligence about Egypt. Mr. Peres negotiated a $1 billion arms deal and acquired a reputation as a canny bargainer.

The arms negotiations formed a basis for the Franco-Israeli alliance that led to Israel's lightning capture of Sinai in 1956. Zeev Schiff, for many years the military editor of the newspaper Haaretz, said, ''There is no doubt that Peres was one of the brains behind Suez.''

Ben-Gurion felt that a pre-emptive war was bad for Israel in terms of public opinion and was reluctant until the last. Mr. Peres saw it as an opportunity to get a better position among the superpowers, a special relationship through a ''joint venture of going to war together.''

Out of that joint venture came French help in building a nuclear reactor in Dimona, which provided Israel with the ability to build nuclear weapons.

''I reached the stage in France where I was trusted by everybody, and really the sky was the limit,'' Mr. Peres said many years later.

Power Struggles

In 1957, Mr. Peres was awarded the French Legion of Honor, one of many international distinctions. In 2012, President Obama presented him with the Presidential Medal of Freedom.

The American honor partly reflected Israel's shift in alliance to the United States from Europe in previous decades. While under Ben-Gurion, and his successor, Levi Eshkol, Mr. Peres had negotiated with the West German defense minister, Franz Josef Strauss, to get arms and continued to get weapons from France as well. But he came to rely increasingly on the United States. He visited Washington frequently and met with Presidents John F. Kennedy and Lyndon B. Johnson.

Mr. Peres ran for the country's Parliament, the Knesset, in 1959, in his first bid for national elective office. With the support of Ben-Gurion, he was given a position high enough on his party's electoral list to be assured of victory.

In the political turmoil that preceded the 1967 Middle East War, Mr. Peres tried to negotiate a return to power for Ben-Gurion, who had retired. In the course of his negotiations, he proposed a coalition to Menachem Begin, the head of the right-wing Herut Party, despite Ben-Gurion's belief that if Mr. Begin ever came to power, he would bring Israel to the ''precipice of destruction.''

Shabtai Teveth, a professor of history at Tel Aviv University and the biographer of Ben-Gurion, said in an interview, ''I believe Peres will go down in Zionist and Israeli history as the man who legitimized Begin and the Herut.''

Ten years later, in 1977, when Mr. Peres challenged Mr. Rabin, the split in the Labor Party opened the way for the election of Mr. Begin as prime minister.

When Israel's top leaders were discredited because of the country's lack of preparedness for the 1973 Yom Kippur War, Mr. Peres made a bid for power. To block him, Finance Minister Pinchas Sapir recruited Mr. Rabin, who had been ambassador to the United States and bore no responsibility for the wartime failures. Mr. Rabin named Mr. Peres defense minister, a decision he later came to regret. In his memoirs, Mr. Rabin called him unscrupulous and untrustworthy. He wrote that he could not believe a word Mr. Peres said.

Their decades-old feud flared again in 1976 when an Air France plane that left Tel Aviv for Paris was hijacked in Athens and taken to Entebbe, Uganda. The hijackers held about 100 Israeli passengers hostage. Mr. Peres accused Prime Minister Rabin of weakness for resisting a military solution. A raid by Israeli commandos on July 3, 1976, rescued 91 passengers and 12 crew members.

The next year, Mr. Peres again sought nomination as his party's candidate for prime minister, but he again lost out to Mr. Rabin. When Mr. Rabin was forced to drop out after disclosures that he and his wife had violated Israeli law by maintaining a bank account in Washington, Mr. Peres led the party, but he lost in the general election to Mr. Begin.

Mr. Peres finally became prime minister in 1984 when he led his Labor Party into the coalition with Likud.

He returned to office as foreign minister in July 1992 in the government of Mr. Rabin and was soon working toward the accord signed a year later. In 1996, Mr. Peres, who had taken over as prime minister after Mr. Rabin's assassination, called an early election, certain of victory.

But a series of terrorist attacks in Tel Aviv and Jerusalem and Mr. Peres's decision to mount an offensive against Hezbollah in southern Lebanon -- during which scores of Lebanese refugees sheltering at a United Nations base in Qana died in an Israeli artillery barrage -- led to ill feelings in Israel and the surprise victory by Mr. Netanyahu of Likud.

Ehud Barak then replaced Mr. Peres as head of Labor and kept him in a minor role in his government, which was elected in 1999.

Mr. Peres spent that period partly building up his Peres Center for Peace but made another political comeback when Mr. Sharon was elected prime minister in 2001 over Mr. Barak.

Mr. Peres took Labor into the Sharon-led government in a bid for national unity. Later, in 2005, he left Labor and joined the new centrist party, Kadima, formed by Mr. Sharon.

Mr. Peres, who frequently drew on historical allusions, thought of himself as a philosopher more than a politician. When asked about the 1993 Oslo Accords, he said: ''There was no alternative. We had to do it.'' He added, ''An ancient Greek philosopher was asked what is the difference between war and peace. 'In war,' he replied, 'the old bury the young. In peace, the young bury the old.' I felt that if I could make the world better for the young, that would be the greatest thing we can do.''

-----------------28515-----------------------

Ivan D. Combe, who was responsible for the fame of a medicine chest of brand-name products including Clearasil and Just for Men hair coloring, died on Tuesday in Greenwich, Conn. He was 88.

Mr. Combe, who lived in Greenwich, was the chairman and chief executive of Combe Inc., a privately held company he founded in 1948.

His first marketing coup was Clearasil, an over-the-counter acne remedy that he and a chemist developed in the early 1950's after market research with teenagers.

After it became one of the first advertisers on Dick Clark's television show "American Bandstand," the product was a runaway success.

Mr. Combe sold Clearasil to Vick Chemical in 1960, and shortly afterward he acquired a little-known company called Grecian Formula 16, a gradual hair-coloring product for men. Through advertising and marketing, he turned it into an almost iconic brand.

Later in the 1960's, he acquired Lanacane, an itch-relieving cream, and through energetic advertising he expanded the market for such products. During the next 30 years, he created or built market niches for products like Odor-Eaters foot care products, Vagisil feminine care products and Just for Men instant hair coloring.

"He was an idea guy -- he just came up with these product categories and made the products a household word," said E. Edward Kavanaugh, president of the Cosmetic, Toiletry and Fragrance Association.

Ivan DeBlois Combe was born in Fremont, Iowa, on April 21, 1911. He earned a bachelor's degree from Northwestern University and attended Northwestern Law School. He then became a salesman for Hydrox Ice Cream and Wilbur Shoe Polish before moving to New York to work for the Young & Rubicam advertising agency.

Mr. Combe later joined Pharmacraft, a drug manufacturer, but in 1949, at 38 years old, he left his position as vice president for marketing to create his own company.

Mr. Combe served as chairman of the Proprietary Association, which was later known as the Nonprescription Drug Manufacturers Association and subsequently the Consumer Healthcare Products Association. He was also chairman of the World Federation of Proprietary Medicine Manufacturers, now called the World Self-Medication Industry.

He is survived by his wife, Mary Elizabeth; two daughters, Diana Bickford, of Dorset, Vt., and Juliette Larson, of Douglaston, Queens; his son, Christopher Combe, of Greenwich; and seven grandchildren.

http://www.nytimes.com

-----------------29347-----------------------

Swiss watch companies had dominated the world of precision timekeeping for two centuries by the 1970s, when a technological marvel known as the quartz watch -- a cheaper, more accurate work of horology mass-produced in Asia -- threatened them with extinction.

Between 1970 and 1983, as watch buyers abandoned windup mechanical timepieces for digital ones, the Swiss lost half their watch companies, two-thirds of their watchmaking jobs and their unrivaled authority as the world's most reliable timekeepers. Industry analysts called it the ''quartz crisis.''

Raymond Weil, who died at 87 on Jan. 26 in the Swiss city of Calvin, started a watch company that bore his name in the midst of all that, joining a watchmaking vanguard that saved the nation's signature product by redefining it.

Swiss watches had been marketed as symbols of intellectual rigor and personal integrity. Beginning in the late 1970s, Mr. Weil and major Swiss watchmakers like Nicolas G. Hayek, founder of the Swatch Group, sought to reposition them as paragons of haute fashion -- ''an emotional product, carrying a message about the authenticity, uniqueness and excellence of the wearer,'' said Ryan L. Raffaelli, an assistant professor at the Harvard Business School who has studied the Swiss watchmaking industry.

By the late 1980s, Professor Raffaelli said, the Swiss companies still standing had followed suit.

Mr. Weil started his company in 1976, when he was 50. He began modestly, selling his first designs from a foldout bridge table in a stall in Geneva, he said in a 2011 company promotional video interview. Most people in the industry considered it a mad scheme, Professor Raffaelli said; about 800 Swiss watchmaking companies died in the 1970s.

Mr. Weil, who led the company for about 20 years, combined high-quality mechanisms produced in his own and other Swiss factories with original designs and features. He then marketed them internationally to appeal to so-called entry-level luxury buyers. In today's dollars, entry-level luxury watches sell for $500 to $4,000. High-end luxury models cost $20,000 or more.

Mr. Weil's line included both mechanical Swiss watches of the spring-powered, cog-and-gear type and others powered by quartz crystals, known as Swiss quartz watches. What they all had in common were their ''Swiss-made'' bona fides; design values that conveyed understated grace (what The Times of London characterized as a ''watch with lovely manners''); and the benefit of Mr. Weil's marketing.

Mr. Weil was also considered a pioneer in celebrity-endorsement advertising. Paul McCartney, Lady Gaga, Ozzy Osbourne and Andrea Bocelli are among the stars who have been contracted to wear Raymond Weil watches exclusively for defined periods.

The company, now run by Mr. Weil's son-in-law, Olivier Bernheim, and two grandsons, Elie and Pierre Bernheim, has become one of the most familiar of the Swiss watch brands. And in a Swiss industry with genealogies, in most cases, dating back a century or more, Raymond Weil is both the youngest and one of the few independent, family-run watchmaking concerns in the country.

Since the 1980s, Swiss watchmakers have re-established their pre-eminence, at least in terms of sales: in a 2010 study, they accounted for just over half the dollar value of all watches sold worldwide. The most expensive are Swiss mechanical watches.

Raymond Louis Weil was born in Geneva on Oct. 10, 1926. After graduating from a technical high school, he went to work for the Socit Gnrale de Surveillance (SGS), a Swiss company that inspects and verifies the quantity, weight and quality of various goods traded around the world.

In 1949 he joined Camy Watch in Geneva and rose to general manager. He worked there for 27 years before deciding to strike out on his own, partly in frustration at his employer's passivity in response to the quartz crisis. Camy was later bought by a Hong Kong watchmaking company.

Mr. Weil is survived by his wife, Eliane Bloch Weil, and two daughters, Diana and Anita Weil.

Professor Raffaelli said the threat posed by the 1970s crisis was existential as well as economic. ''This was an industry that traced its roots to the early 1500s,'' he said. ''People employed in watchmaking in the 1970s had fathers, grandfathers, great-grandfathers and beyond, who had done the same work.

''Watchmaking was tied up in what it meant to be Swiss, the national sense of competence,'' he said.

Mr. Weil, though not the son of a watchmaker, sensed the product's importance to the national identity. ''He was a kind of visionary,'' Professor Raffaelli said.

-----------------32947-----------------------

Morris D. Crawford Jr., who headed the Bowery Savings Bank from 1965 until 1980, died of congestive heart failure, according to his wife, Dorothy, on Wednesday at his home in Riverside, Conn. He was 83.

During his 40 years as a lawyer and banker in New York, Mr. Crawford served as a member or officer of dozens of professional, political and civic boards, including the Harlem School for the Performing Arts, the Salvation Army and the U.S.O. of New York City.

In 1979, the Regional Plan Association, a research and planning agency for promoting the coordinated development of the metropolitan region of New York, New Jersey and Connecticut, honored Mr. Crawford, a former chairman of the association, for his efforts to rebuild central cities through corporate, civic and government partnerships. Under his chairmanship, the association's leaders noted, the Bowery Savings Bank -- then the nation's biggest mutual savings bank -- initiated programs for brownstone renewal, sweat equity and the financing of housing in economically depressed neighborhoods.

They also credited him with playing a leading role in helping establish the Aaron Davis Center for the Performing Arts at City University and the Albert Einstein College of Medicine and Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law at Yeshiva University.

Born in Nyack, N.Y., in 1915, the son of a newspaperman with Fairchild Publications in New York, Rusty (as he was called because of his red hair) graduated from Harvard College in 1937 with a degree in anthropology.

Shortly before his graduation, he was accepted at Harvard Law School and offered a post at Harvard College as an instructor in anthropology. Undecided which offer to take, "About two weeks before graduation I flipped a mental coin," he recalled almost 30 years later. "I went to law school."

He graduated from law school in 1940 and joined the New York law firm of Cadwalader, Wickersham & Taft. He enlisted in the United States Army in February 1942 and served on General Douglas MacArthur's staff in Manila before being discharged as a major in April 1946. He returned to his old law firm, but left in 1953 when he was named vice president and office counsel of the Bowery. During the next dozen years he rose steadily through the ranks to executive vice president, president and then chief executive, heading the bank for the next 15 years until his retirement in 1980.

Mr. Crawford is survived by his wife, the former Dorothy Duncan Babcock, of Riverside; two sons, Duncan, of Brookfield, Conn., and Gordon, of Los Angeles; a daughter, Linda Wolfgruber, of New Canaan, Conn., and 12 grandchildren.

http://www.nytimes.com

-----------------33039-----------------------

Gilbert Barclay Mustin, who led the Fleer Corporation, creators of Dubble Bubble gum, in successfully challenging the dominance of Topps Chewing Gum Inc. in the multimillion dollar baseball card business, died Wednesday at a hospital in Bryn Mawr, Penn. He was 78 years old and lived in Haverford, Penn., and Westport Point, Mass.

The cause was pneumonia, his wife, Rachel, said.

Mr. Mustin was the grandson of Frank Fleer, who founded Fleer in Philadelphia in the 1880's. It produced a variety of flavorings and confections, including Chiclets.

Fleer is also widely believed to have invented bubble gum in 1928, when the company produced what it named Dubble Bubble; a company accountant, Walter E. Diemer, is often credited with having made it accidentally.

Dubble Bubble became a household name, not only because chewers could blow bubbles with it but also because it had cartoons, featuring the adventures of a pudgy youth named Pud, folded inside the wax paper wrappers.

Mr. Mustin started at Fleer in 1949 and became its president in 1959. By then, the company was in tough competition with Topps, which made Bazooka bubble gum. Topps had a lock on the lucrative baseball trading card business, because the Federal Trade Commission had upheld its exclusive contracts with major league baseball players for the use of their pictures on cards included with the gum.

Fleer had long sold trading cards of movie stars and other personalities with its gum, and it occasionally attempted to enter the baseball card business, too, but with little success. In 1975, however, Fleer began a long antitrust case against Topps. Fleer won in Federal District Court in 1980 and began offering the player cards with its bubble gum in 1981. But Topps appealed successfully that same year.

But Fleer contended that the exclusive Topps contracts covered only cards packaged with gum or candy, not cards sold with other items, like stickers carrying the logos of major-league ball teams. More lawsuits ensued.

In 1983, Fleer and Topps settled out of court; Fleer could continue to sell cards, but not with gum. The settlement opened the door to several other companies, including the Donruss Company of Memphis, to enter the business. Today, Topps and Fleer are among the largest baseball card companies in the country.

Mr. Mustin retired in 1989, the year Fleer was sold to Marvel Entertainment. It was sold again earlier this year to a group of private investors and renamed Fleer Skybox of Mount Laurel, N.J. The company no longer sells Dubble Bubble gum; Marvel sold the gum division off separately.

Mr. Mustin was born on July 17, 1921, in Lansdowne, Penn., and graduated from Swarthmore College in 1942. During World War II, he led a team at the DeLavall Corporation in Trenton, N.J., that built and tested a turbo supercharger for Navy fighter planes. He later taught engineering for several years at Swarthmore.

He was also active in numerous Quaker and community organizations and was a member of the board of the American Civil Liberties Union of Pennsylvania.

In addition to his wife, Mr. Mustin is survived by five children, Henry Mustin of Seattle, Barclay Mustin of Chimacum, Wash., Walter Mustin of Grand Cayman, British West Indies, Margery M. Howe of West Chester, Penn., and Laura M. Burn of Port Townsend, Wash.; four stepchildren, Sharon Hare of Los Angeles, Diana Hare of Philadelphia, Mally Hare of Amherst, Mass., and Christopher Hare of Albuquerque, N.M.; a brother, Frank Mustin of Lansdowne; a sister, Alice M. Carll of Hopkins, S.C., and seven grandchildren.

http://www.nytimes.com

-----------------33195-----------------------

Mary Hudson, who built an oil empire that made her one of America's richest entrepreneurs, died on Thursday at her home. She was 86 and lived in Prairie Village, a suburb of Kansas City.

The cause was cancer, said her daughter, Joyce Driver Sharp of Prairie Village, who said she became ill in July, but was given a diagnosis of cancer only two weeks ago.

In 1933, after her husband was killed in a truck accident, Ms. Hudson borrowed $200 from her father to open her first Hudson Oil station in Kansas City. It was the first of more than 300 gas stations and convenience stores that became a $325 million business.

Much of her business fell apart in the 1980's after a string of court judgments entered against her company for overcharging customers at the pumps and for underpaying some employees. She pleaded no contest to conspiracy to commit felony theft in connection with the overcharges and was ordered to perform 200 hours of community service.

She rebounded in the final years of her career, however, to oversee a smaller, rejuvenated operation.

Ms. Hudson started Hudson Oil Company at age 21, while caring for a 6-month-old daughter, and built it into a chain of stations with a reputation for low prices and no-frills service. The stations were among the first in the country to feature self-service.

By the early 1980's, her private-brand refining and retail marketing companies operated more than 300 stations and convenience stores in 35 states.

Hudson Oil also ran an oil refinery in Cushing, Okla.

Her business interests soured in the early 1980's, when the United States petroleum industry crashed. At a time when the industry was sitting on huge reserves of oil selling for $43 a barrel, Middle East producers began flooding the market, and prices plunged to $10 a barrel. Hudson closed its Cushing refinery.

"We were losing $500,000 a month," Ms. Hudson recalled in a 1993 interview. "We had no other choice."

In 1984, the company defaulted on a $20 million line of credit at United Missouri Bank and banks in Chicago and Oklahoma City. Hudson Oil and eight affiliated companies filed for reorganization in Federal Bankruptcy Court in Kansas City, Kan.

Meanwhile, a corporate reorganization dragged on for six years as, piece by piece, the company's properties were sold to pay creditors. Mary Hudson lost control of the company.

In 1993, at age 80, she oversaw an operation that included cattle ranches, farms, several Handy Stop convenience stores and a petroleum consulting firm in Russia.

Recently, she had been selling those properties, while continuing to operate farms in Nevada.

She was particularly proud of her membership in the Twenty-Five Year Club, an organization of top oil company executives. She was the only female member.

"They treat me just as nice as if I was one of them -- I am one of them -- and if you checked it out, I'm probably worth more than a lot of them," she said of her fellow club members in a 1995 interview.

http://www.nytimes.com

-----------------33451-----------------------

Cecil D. Andrus, a four-term governor of Idaho who as interior secretary under President Jimmy Carter helped set aside vast expanses of Alaska for parks and reserves, died on Thursday at his home in Boise, Idaho. He was 85.

The cause was complications of lung cancer, his daughter Tracy Andrus said.

Mr. Andrus liked to portray himself as having stumbled into public life -- he was a ''political accident,'' in his words. It was a sophisticated bit of self-branding, positioning him as passionate rather than opportunistic in a state where the notion of Western authenticity had always played well.

He was 28 in 1960 when his tiny community of Orofino, Idaho, invited the area's aging Republican state senator to a town meeting to try to persuade him to fight for more financing for a public kindergarten.

''He made the statement, 'Well, this school system was good enough for me, it's good enough for your kids,' '' Mr. Andrus, a Democrat, recalled in an interview for this obituary in 2012. ''I couldn't help myself. I said, 'It's pretty obvious, Senator, that the school system wasn't even good enough for you.' ''

That exchange prompted laughter, and it helped propel Mr. Andrus to run for the same State Senate seat. He won it that fall, and a decade later became governor, the first Democrat elected to that post in 24 years.

He also may have been the first governor of either party to win by running on an environmental issue. His opposition to a proposed molybdenum mine in the White Cloud Mountains of central Idaho was at the core of his campaign. The mine was never built, and Mr. Andrus cruised to re-election in 1974.

Halfway into his second term he received a call from another rural Democrat, Jimmy Carter, the former governor of Georgia. They had become friends over the years while attending meetings of governors' groups.

''We got along very well,'' Mr. Andrus said, ''because both of us understood the need for protection of the land that the dear lord has provided to us.''

Mr. Carter had just been elected president and had Mr. Andrus in mind for secretary of the interior. ''Cece was the only person I considered for the cabinet post,'' Mr. Carter said in a statement on Friday.

The call came in around 6 p.m. By the next morning, after hopping a short flight to Seattle, a red-eye to Atlanta and, finally, a tiny Cessna to an unpaved landing strip in Plains, Ga., Mr. Andrus was shaking hands with his future boss.

''I come from the old school that says when the president of the United States asks you to do something, you do it,'' Mr. Andrus said.

Mr. Andrus never liked Washington, but he believed in his work. Over the next four years he helped reduce the impact of mining in Appalachia and protected rivers in California. But his most notable work happened in Alaska, which had been admitted to the union just 17 years before Mr. Carter was elected.

''We developed America by giving away resources,'' Mr. Andrus said in the interview. ''When we got to the Pacific Ocean, we looked back over our shoulders and said, 'Oh, my God, look what we've done.' But in Alaska we had the opportunity to do it right the first time.''

With Mr. Andrus leading the way, the Carter administration set aside more than 100 million acres in the state for federal protection, including what became the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge. The measure was completed in a lame-duck session of Congress in the final weeks of the Carter administration, after Ronald Reagan had won the 1980 election, denying the president a second term.

The plan drew intense criticism from many Alaskans and industries that wanted more freedom to develop the state's oil, mineral, timber and other resources. It also frustrated environmentalists, who wanted the protections to go further.

''After review of all the exceptions, some critics wondered that it was called a conservation act at all,'' the Alaska historian Stephen Haycox wrote in his book ''Frigid Embrace: Politics, Economics and Environment in Alaska'' (2002). ''But most recognized that it did provide a framework for preservation in Alaska.''

Mr. Andrus acknowledged the imperfections but said that environmentalists would have fared much worse if they had waited for Reagan to take office.

''Even though we were creating tomorrow's controversies, a 103-million-acre plan -- amounting to more than 25 percent of Alaska -- was a helluva lot better than nothing,'' he said in his 1998 memoir, ''Cecil Andrus: Politics Western Style,'' which he wrote with Joel Connelly, a Seattle journalist.

Mr. Carter saw the Alaska legislation as one of his biggest accomplishments. ''Together we made conservation history,'' he said in his statement about Mr. Andrus on Friday. ''Americans are better off because of his service,'' he added, ''and I am better because of his friendship.''

Mr. Andrus returned to Idaho soon after Mr. Carter left office in 1981. Asked in interviews before he left whether he might stay in the nation's capital, he wore his Western pride openly.

''The only reason so many people live on the East Coast is that they don't know any better,'' he said.

Back in Boise, he caught some people off guard by becoming a spokesman for the aluminum industry, which relied on the region's hydroelectric dams for cheap power. Mr. Andrus had been a longtime critic of the dams' effect on migrating salmon, but he also believed a balance could be achieved that preserved the dams, industry and the fish.

Years later, however, that balance has proved elusive, as fish populations continue to suffer and advocates on various sides continue to fight in court.

Mr. Andrus also surprised people when he decided to run for governor again in 1986. He won by just 3,500 votes. His popularity would steadily rise, and he was re-elected with more than 70 percent of the vote in 1990.

In 1988, during a dispute with the federal government over the storage of nuclear waste in Idaho, he won new supporters when he ordered state troopers to block a railroad car filled with nuclear waste from entering a storage site. Two years later he confounded some supporters when he vetoed a bill that would have given Idaho one of the strictest anti-abortion laws in the nation. Once again he appealed to his state's independent streak.

''We Idahoans are a fiercely independent group,'' Mr. Andrus said at the time. ''We call them as we see them, and I have done that. I know there will be some fallout. I can't do anything about that.''

The Legislature, which included an evenly divided Senate and a Republican-controlled House, upheld his veto of the anti-abortion bill. Of more than 100 vetoes he issued while in office, lawmakers overturned just one.

Mr. Andrus did not seek another term in 1994. Idaho has not had a Democratic governor since, and its Legislature has long since become dominated by Republicans.

Later in life, Mr. Andrus lamented what he described as increasing partisanship in the state and the nation.

''We used to be able to work in the middle,'' he said in 2012, ''but there is no middle anymore.''

Cecil Dale Andrus was born on Aug. 25, 1931 -- he died a day before his 86th birthday -- in Hood River, Ore. He grew up fishing for salmon with his father, Hal, who worked in the timber industry, and he could recall watching Native Americans fish at Celilo Falls, the famous rapids on the Columbia River that were permanently submerged when dams were built in the 1950s. His mother, the former Dorothy Johnson, was a homemaker.

He graduated from high school in Eugene, Ore., before enrolling in Oregon State College (now Oregon State University). He served in the Korean War, flying with a patrol bomber squadron.

In 1949 Mr. Andrus married his high school sweetheart, Carol May, who survives him. Looking for work, the family moved to Orofino, where his father helped him find a job in a timber mill.

In addition to his wife and his daughter Tracy, Mr. Andrus is survived by two other daughters, Tana Andrus-Watson and Kelly Andrus; a brother, Steve; a sister, Margaret Gardner; three grandchildren; and one great-granddaughter.

Mr. Andrus avoided many of the trappings of being governor. He lived in his own house, mowed his lawn himself, and had limited security. But he was, by all accounts, a deft politician -- and one who kept score.

When he ran for governor in 1986, the state's Republican senators signed a large advertisement in The Idaho Statesman saying they opposed his election. Mr. Andrus kept a copy of the ad in his desk at the Capitol, and he enjoyed pulling it out when a Republican lawmaker would come in trying to win his support for a bill.

''If you had legislation you wanted and you were on that list,'' recalled Bruce Newcomb, who was the Republican majority leader at the end of Mr. Andrus's final term and later became House speaker, ''well, you had an uphill battle.''

-----------------33761-----------------------

Julius Adams Stratton, a scientist who was president of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology from 1959 to 1966 and chairman of the Ford Foundation from 1966 to 1971, died Wednesday night at Goddard House, a nursing home in Boston. He was 93.

Dr. Stratton, who had most recently lived in Cambridge, Mass., died of pneumonia, said Charles Ball, an M.I.T spokesman.

As the 11th president of M.I.T., Dr. Stratton, a physicist and electrical engineer, headed one of the world's leading centers of scientific research and education.

Dr. Paul A. Gray, the university's 14th president and current chairman of its board, said yesterday through a spokesman that while Dr. Stratton was president, his "strong commitment to the arts and humanities at M.I.T. was particularly important in a period when those activities were first flowering."

Transformation of M.I.T.

Under Dr. Stratton's leadership, which began in 1957 when he was named acting president of the university, major innovations in teaching and curriculum development changed the environment of scientific education at M.I.T.

Interdisciplinary centers were founded for space research, the earth sciences, the life sciences, materials science, engineering and advanced engineering study, and the construction of buildings to house the centers transformed the landscape of the Cambridge campus.

It was while Dr. Stratton was president and male students outnumbered female students by about 60 to 1 that M.I.T. began planning its first women's dormitory. Women's potential in science, he said at the time, represents one of the "great latent resources of the country."

In 1966, when he turned 65, Dr. Stratton reached mandatory retirement age and was succeeded by Dr. Howard W. Johnson, who had been dean of M.I.T.'s Alfred P. Sloan School of Management.

The Stratton era and that of his predecessor, Dr. James R. Killian, Jr., who was president from 1948 to 1959, marked M.I.T.'s transformation from a technical institution into what has been called "a university polarized around science."

M.I.T. Freshman in 1920

Dr. Stratton was born in Seattle on May 18, 1901, the son of Julius A. Stratton, a lawyer and judge, and the former Laura Adams, a concert pianist. His long association with M.I.T. began in 1920 as a freshman after making the trip from Seattle aboard a ship bound for Boston by signing on as a radio operator.

After receiving a bachelor's degree in electrical engineering in 1923, he studied French literature for a year at Grenoble and Toulouse universities in France. He then returned to M.I.T. and received a master's degree in electrical engineering in 1926.

He studied at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Zurich, earning a doctoral degree in mathematical physics in 1928, and returned to M.I.T. as an assistant professor of electrical engineering. In 1930 he switched to the physics department, where he became an associate professor in 1935.

Dr. Stratton rose through the academic ranks to become a full professor of physics in 1941, and held a several administrative posts before being named acting president in 1957.

When he became chairman of the Ford Foundation, of which he had been a trustee since 1955, Dr. Stratton oversaw the wealthiest philanthropic organization in the world.

He has been credited with important changes in the foundation's policies and procedures that, among other things, increased its flexibility in policy making. He retired in 1971.

As a scientist, Dr. Stratton worked in the burgeoning field of communications and communications theory in the 1920's. In the next decade he was active in the revitalization of M.I.T.'s physics department. His writings included the book "Electromagnetic Theory" (McGraw Hill, 1941), which is still in print.

In World War II, Dr. Stratton joined the staff of M.I.T.'s Radiation Laboratory and worked on the development of Loran, or Long Range Navigation, a system of radio technology by which a ship or airplane can determine its position. He also helped to plan the use of radar in the Allied invasion of Normandy in June 1944.

From 1946 through 1949 he was the first director of M.I.T.'s Research Laboratory of Electronics, which adopted the Radiation Laboratory's interdisciplinary approach to research and became a model for that approach at M.I.T. and elsewhere.

Over the years, Dr. Stratton was awarded 17 honorary degrees from educational institutions in the United States and other countries.

He is survived by his wife, the former Catherine N. Coffman, whom he married in 1935; three daughters, Catherine Nelson Stratton and Laura Thoresby, both of London, and Cary F. Boyd of Newbury, Mass., and a granddaughter.

-----------------34056-----------------------

Sheila Campbell Williamson, the founding director of the Community Foundation of New Jersey in Morristown, died on Sunday at her home in Short Hills, N.J. She was 64.

The cause was cancer, her family said.

Mrs. Williamson, who continued to work until earlier this month, helped set up the foundation in 1980 and became a leader of the community-foundation movement in the United States. Such organizations collect endowed funds from individuals, businesses or private foundations to benefit innovative projects in a specific area.

Mrs. Williamson became the executive director of what began as the Essex County Community Foundation in 1980. Starting with little more than a borrowed desk and a phone, she nurtured the foundation into an organization with assets of about $11.5 million and distributions of more than $6 million.

Its donors include such corporate giants as Johnson & Johnson and the AT&T Corporation, and the Newark Boys Chorus, the New Jersey Symphony, AIDS education, neighborhood initiatives, civic improvements and various social services have been among the beneficiaries. Gov. Christine Todd Whitman is a trustee and former president but the foundation operates with little fanfare,

Mrs. Williamson was active in many local organizations, including the United Way of Essex and West Hudson, the Association for Children in New Jersey and the Orange Orphan Society. She was a member of the Planning Board of Millburn and Short Hills.

Mrs. Williamson was a native of Glasgow. She graduated from Wells College in Aurora, N.Y., and received a master's degree in city and regional planning from Rutgers University. In the 1950's, she was a securities analyst for Bear, Stearns, one of the first women to be employed in that capacity on Wall Street.

Mrs. Williamson is survived by her husband, James G., and two daughters, Anne W. Holman of Short Hills and Christina Williamson of Manhattan.

-----------------34199-----------------------

Lord Soames, who as Britain's last colonial Governor in Rhodesia presided over its transition to majority rule as Zimbabwe, died today at his family home in Hampshire. He was 66 years old. Lord Soames, a son-in-law of Sir Winston Churchill, had suffered a series of heart ailments and underwent surgery to remove an abdominal obstruction this year.

He had a long and varied career of public service, serving as a soldier, Conservative politician and diplomat. His four-month stint as Governor of Rhodesia in the difficult months leading to up to elections and its independence in 1980 was his greatest achievement in public life, a task considered one of the most challenging in Britain's lengthy process of decolonization.

Yet Lord Soames was credited with many other successes in his long political and diplomatic career. For example, he played a vital role in insuring Britain's entry into the European Economic Community as Ambassador to France from 1968 to 1972.

A Taste for Wry Humor

Lord Soames was a stout, balding man with mannerisms that some found imperious. In a conversation about him, Iain Macleod was once asked, ''What lies behind that incredibly bluff exterior?'' Mr. Macleod, who once served in the Cabinet with Lord Soames, reportedly pondered the question for a minute, then replied, ''Behind that incredibly bluff exterior lies an incredibly bluff interior.''

But close friends described him as serious in public yet often lighthearted and playful in private, a bon vivant with a taste for good wine and wry humor.

Soon after his family announced Lord Soames's death this afternoon, tributes poured in from leading figures in the British Government and former colleagues. ''He gave a lifetime of unrivaled service to the country as a member of successive governments and Governor of Rhodesia during the transition to independence,'' Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher said tonight. ''He was a towering personality and he will be very greatly missed.''

Lord Carrington, Secretary General of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and Foreign Secretary when Lord Soames was dispatched to Rhodesia, said, ''He did a job there that I don't think anyone else could have done.''

Dr. Herbert Murerwa, Zimbabwe's Ambassador to London, called Lord Soames's death ''a very sad loss,'' noting that ''he played a very significant and honorable part in the establishment of Zimbabwe.''

A Delicate Posting

After talks in London in 1979 produced an agreement between Rhodesia's white leaders and black guerrillas to return to British colonial status in preparation for majority rule, Mrs. Thatcher sent Lord Soames to Rhodesia as Governor to preside over the transition.

Though a seasoned diplomat, he had no African experience, assuring that he was not identified with any of the factions in the Rhodesian conflict. But it assured little else, and the posting was considered delicate and risky. The Rhodesian issue had been one of Britain's most nettlesome foreign policy issues since Ian D. Smith's unrecognized declaration of independence 14 years earlier.

With a force of 1,200 soldiers from Britain and other Commonwealth countries, Lord Soames had to rely mostly on his considerable skills of persuasion, bluster and charm to oversee the election campaign. Despite factional violence and intimidation, the elections proceeded, with Robert Mugabe, a left-leaning nationalist, emerging as the Prime Minister.

Arthur Christopher John Soames was born on Oct. 12, 1920, the son of a Buckinghamshire landowner. He was educated at Eton and at the Royal Military College at Sandhurst, where he won a commission in the Coldstream Guards shortly before World War II broke out.

He served in Italy, France and North Africa during the war, winning the French Croix de Guerre at El Alamein. After the war, he was sent to British Embassy in Paris as an assistant military attache. There, in 1946, he met Mary Churchill, the youngest of the five Churchill children, and they were married within a year.

'A Moving Relationship'

In her best-selling biography of her mother, Clementine Churchill, Lady Soames recalled that ''from their very first meeting my father and Christopher took to each other.'' Lady Soames described the friendship between her father and her husband as ''a warm, a moving relationship, which grew in affection and trust.''

''It had an enormous effect on Christopher's personality and life. And if my father gave much to Christopher, Christopher also was able to bring the breath of fresh air from outside.''

Mr. Soames, undoubtedly helped by his family connections, got a fast start in politics, first winning a seat in the House of Commons when he was 29 years old. He held his seat in Bedfordshire, northwest of London, for the Conservatives for 16 years, until 1966. In 1952, he became parliamentary private secretary to Sir Winston when he was returned to 10 Downing St. Later, he held junior ministerial posts before he entered the Cabinet in 1960 as Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food.

Mr. Soames was knighted in 1973 and made a life peer in 1978. From 1979 to 1981, he was leader of the House of Lords.

Lord Soames was removed from

Mrs. Thatcher's Cabinet in what has been called the ''purge of 1981.'' Since 1979, Mrs. Thatcher has steadily removed the more liberal ''wets'' from the Cabinet, with the landed aristocrats and old Etonians like Lord Soames among the first to go.

Lord Soames is survived by his wife and three sons and two daughters. Funeral arrangements were not announced.

-----------------34383-----------------------

Gen. Ho Ying-chin, a former Minister of Defense in the Chinese Nationalist Government who served briefly in 1949 as his country's Prime Minister before the Communist takeover of mainland China, died of heart and lung failure Wednesday in Taipei. He was 97 years old.

General Ho, a longtime military associate of Generalissimo Chiang Kai-shek, was Chinese Minister of War from 1930 to 1944, then was removed from the post, reportedly under strong urging from the United States Government.

A sharp rivalry between General Ho and Maj. Gen. Joseph W. Stilwell, commander of American forces in China, Burma and India, who had been named Chief of Staff to Chiang Kai-shek, preceded his removal.

Gen. George C. Marshall, then Army Chief of Staff, was said to have written President Roosevelt in March 1943 criticizing General Ho as favoring a ''watch and wait'' policy. President Roosevelt was said to have proposed to Chiang, in September 1944, that General Stilwell be placed in ''unrestricted command'' of Chinese Nationalist forces.

General Ho was removed as Minister of War in November 1944 and made Commander in Chief of the Chinese Army. In that position, he accepted the surrender of one million Japanese troops in Nanjing Sept. 9, 1945. This was a week after General Douglas MacArthur had accepted the Japanese surrender on behalf of the Allies aboard the U.S.S. Missouri.

General Ho was among a dozen generals who fled mainland China for Taiwan in 1949 with Chiang Kai-shek after losing the civil war to the Communists. He then served as Taiwan's Defense Minister from 1949 to 1958. He was also at one time president of the Red Cross Society in Taiwan.

He was born in China, but received much of his early military training in Japan. He was a military leader during Chiang Kai-shek's struggle for power and was named Minister of War two years after the formal establishment of the National Government in 1928.

In 1946 he served as Chinese delegate to the military staff committee of the United Nations and chief of the Chinese military mission to the United States. He returned to China in early 1948 and, with the Nationalists' position in the civil war deteriorating, was made Minister of Defense. In March 1949 he was named Prime Minister but served only a little more than two months before resigning at the end of May.

On Taiwan, he was named chairman of the Strategic Advisory Commission and became a member of the central advisory committee of the Kuomintang. In later years he became active in the Moral Rearmament Movement.

A widower, he is survived by a daughter, Li Chu.

-----------------36829-----------------------

Milton W. Mays, former president of the Continental Insurance Companies and former vice chairman of its parent concern, the Continental Corporation, died of a heart attack Tuesday at Greenwich (Conn.) Hospital. He was 73 years old and lived in Greenwich.

He joined the Continental Corporation as secretary in 1954 after 18 years with an insurance trade association. He was named executive vice president of the Continental Corporation in 1969 and later that year was elected president of the Continental Insurance Companies.

Mr. May became president of the parent concern in 1971 and was elected vice chairman in 1974. He served in that post until he retired in 1976.

Mr. Mays was born in Butler, Pa., and graduated from the University of Pennsylvania. He received a master's degree and a doctorate from the university's Wharton School of Finance and Commerce.

He is survived by his wife, Florence, and a daughter, Penny Gustafson of Roswell, Ga.

-----------------36892-----------------------

Albert J. Costello, former chairman, president and chief executive of W. R. Grace & Company, died on Tuesday while playing golf at the Arcola Country Club in Paramus, N.J. He was 66 and lived in Franklin Lakes, N.J.

The cause was evidently related to heart problems he had had, said his son, Peter.

Mr. Costello held his high posts at Grace, a specialty chemicals and health care company, from 1995 through 1998, and then retired. Its headquarters were in Boca Raton, Fla., during that period and are now in Columbia, Md.

By May 1996, Grace's stock had risen over 40 percent. Late in his tenure as chairman, in 1998, Grace had annual sales of about $1.5 billion.

In August 1997, Grace said it would divest itself of its packaging business. The deal essentially involved a purchase of Grace's Cryovac packaging business by another large packaging company, the Sealed Air Corporation, in a transaction valued at $5 billion.

The Grace name was to be retained by the specialty chemicals business.

In October 1997, Mr. Costello had a heart attack, and Larry Ellberger was named to act as chief executive during his recovery.

Before joining Grace, Mr. Costello was chairman and chief executive of the American Cyanamid Company, a chemicals company based in Wayne, N.J., for 18 months. He was hired in 1957 as a chemist. In 1994 he presided over the roughly $9.6 billion takeover of American Cyanamid by American Home Products.

Albert Joseph Costello was born on Sept. 4, 1935, in Manhattan and received a bachelor's degree in 1957 from Fordham and a master's degree in 1964 from New York University, both in chemistry.

He is survived by his wife, the former Barbara Antolotti; three sons, Dr. Gregory A., of Franklin Lakes; Peter M., of London; and Albert J., of Wycoff, N.J.; five grandchildren; his mother, Lena Costello, of Manhattan; and two brothers, Ronald, of Tequesta, Fla.; and John, of Palm Beach Gardens, Fla.

-----------------37634-----------------------

J. McCall Hughes, former president, chairman and chief executive officer of the Mutual Life Insurance Company of New York, died Monday at his home in St. Croix, V.I., where he had recently moved from Mount Kisco, N.Y. He was 73 years old.

Mr. Hughes joined the insurance company in 1943 as an assistant to the executive vice president. He became president in 1967 and was made chairman and chief executive officer in March 1972. He retired later that year, but continued to serve on the board of trustees until last year.

He was born in West Long Branch, N.J., and graduated from Brown University, where he was a trustee. He is survived by his wife, Dorothy; a daughter, Gail Foreman of Manlius, N.Y.; a son, Richard of Endwell, N.Y., and five grandchildren.

-----------------38013-----------------------

Frank B. Holman, chairman of the New Jersey Republican Party during the two terms of Gov. Thomas H. Kean and an adviser to many of the party's candidates, died on Friday in Lakewood. He was 75.

Mr. Holman, a cigar smoker for many years, died at Kimball Medical Center while being treated for throat cancer, said a friend, Wayne Pomanowski.

Mr. Holman was raised in Ocean County and lived in Jackson.

He was chief executive of the Ocean County Board of Freeholders from 1976 to 1982. He was named chairman of the state party by Mr. Kean in 1982, leaving that post in 1988 when Mr. Kean appointed him executive director of the New Jersey Turnpike Authority.

Mr. Holman left the turnpike agency two years later and formed the Holman Group, a political consulting firm in Trenton.

He assisted in getting Republican candidates elected to the Legislature and advised Christie Whitman during her two successful campaigns for governor, the Holman Group said.

Mr. Holman served in the Air Force during the Korean War, eventually retiring from the Air Force Reserve as a brigadier general, the firm said.

-----------------39248-----------------------

Edward Sulzberger, a patriarch of the New York real estate industry who was chairman of the board and former president of Sulzberger-Rolfe, died last night at his home in Manhattan. He was 80 years old.

Mr. Sulzberger served as president of Sulzberger-Rolfe for 33 years. Under his guidance, the company became a diversified real estate organization involved in building management, cooperative conversions and sales, leasing, appraisals and urban redevelopment.

He was a vigorous spokesman for the industry and was often in the public eye. In 1967, he represented the industry in negotiations during a building service strike.

Opposed Rent Control

A critic of rent control, Mr. Sulzberger once predicted that ''New York's housing will become a massive and growing slum, if rent control is continued.''

He was born in a brownstone on East 72d Street. His father, Myron Sulzberger, was a lawyer who served as a Municipal Court judge for 17 years.

Mr. Sulzberger attended DeWitt Clinton High School and the Dwight School, and graduated in 1929 from Brown University, where he met his wife, the former Maye Dorfman, who attended Pembroke College.

His first venture after graduation was a baking business. But an allergy to flour sent him into real estate, and by 1942 he was handling 50 buildings.

Ten years later he acquired the company of Joseph H. Nassoit, changing its name in 1966 to Sulzberger-Rolfe. He joined his own name with that of his business partner and son-in-law, N. Anthony Rolfe, who succeeded him as president this year.

Served on Housing Panel

Mr. Sulzberger was appointed in 1982 by President Reagan to the board of directors of the National Corporation for Housing Partnerships. The board was created to increase the participation of private industry in the construction of housing for low- and moderate-income families.

Mr. Sulzberger was a former president of the Metropolitan Fair Rent Committee and the Association for Government Assisted Housing, honorary chairman of the New York Rent Stabilization Committee and a member of the Realty Foundation of New York.

He was a trustee of Tougaloo College in Jackson, Miss., and a former trustee of Brown University. He was active in more than 30 civic groups, including the boards of directors of Doctors Hospital, B'nai Brith, the United Jewish Appeal and the Flying Doctors in Kenya. In 1986, he established the Edward Sulzberger Foundation, a philanthropic fund.

Mr. Sulzberger was an avid golfer and was a member and former president of the Quaker Ridge Golf Club in Scarsdale, N.Y. He also collected handmade figures of soldiers in English and Scottish regiments.

In addition to his wife, he is survived by their daughter, Susan S. Rolfe, three grandchildren, and two great-grandchildren.

A service will be held at the Beth'El Chapel at Temple Emanu-El, 65th Street and Fifth Avenue, at 1 P.M. Sunday.

-----------------39380-----------------------

Frank Zamboni, who invented an ice resurfacer that became a sort of mechanical celebrity for hockey fans, died today after a heart attack. He was 87.

Mr. Zamboni put together his first ice resurfacer in 1947 using a war-surplus Jeep engine, the front ends of two automobiles, a series of pulleys and a wooden bin to catch ice shavings. The machine was patented in 1949.

Hockey fans often greet the machines with chants of ''Zamboni, Zamboni,'' when the vehicles are driven onto the ice between periods of games.

The Frank J. Zamboni Company has sold more than 4,000 Zambonis for use in 33 countries.

-----------------39403-----------------------

Marisa Bellisario, president of Italy's Italtel telecommunications company and former head of Olivetti Corporation of America, died of cancer today at her home in Turin. She was in her early 50's.

Miss Bellisario was appointed managing director and chief executive officer of the state-owned Italtel group in 1981. Italtel, formally Italtel Societa Italiana Telecomunicazione, is the 34th largest company in Italy, according to reports, and one of several telecommunications operations in that nation.

When she took over, losses were more than $215 million a year. She cut the losses in half in 1982 and then returned it to profitability, where it has remained under her direction.

She wrote her own life story in the book ''Woman and Top Manager,'' frequently worked 12-hour days, but refused to work weekends in order to spend the time with her husband, Lionello Cantoni, a mathematics professor.

''Maybe I can show young girls that you can make it and still be a normal woman, with normal attitudes toward your family or husband,'' she said.

Before joining Italtel, Miss Bellisario was president and chief executive of Olivetti of America. She joined the company in 1972 and became director of corporate planning and then director of the Distributed Data Processing group.

She became the head of product and operations planning at General Electric Information Systems Italia in 1965 and kept that post when the electronics division was acquired by Honeywell Information Systems Italia in 1969.

Miss Bellisario, an economics graduate of Turin University, began her business career in Olivetti's computer division in 1960.

-----------------40588-----------------------

Gilbert R. Ellis, chairman and chief executive officer of Household International, died Saturday of a heart attack. He was 66 years old.

Mr. Ellis began his career with Household 47 years ago as a branch representative in Cedar Rapids. Analysts considered him one of the chief architects of its transition from a personal loan company, called Household Finance Corporation, into a $7.3 billion holding company. It is one of the country's largest multi-industry conglomerates, with major interests in financial services, merchandising, manufacturing and transportation.

Although Household had already began its diversification when he was elected president in 1972, it made major acquisitions, including Wein Air Alaska, under Mr. Ellis's leadership.

Mr. Ellis became chairman of the corporation in 1974. Most recently, in 1981, he struck a $300 million deal to buy the Wallace Murray Corporation, a company with sales of almost $600 million that made truck engine components and metal-cutting tools.

He was also highly regarded by analysts and associates for consolidating Household's divisions, selling off several unprofitable units and combining others.

Mr. Ellis received a host of business and community awards. In 1974 he was a participant in President Ford's banking and finance conference and in the summit conference on inflation. He was described by James McCormack, a senior vice president at Household, as ''a conservative corporate leader who expected high personal morals and ethical behavior from his colleagues.''

He is survived by his wife, Dixie Wilson Ellis; two sons, William H. of Mineapolis and Robert J. of Austin, Tex., and three granddaughters.

-----------------40927-----------------------

Louis P. Martini, a leading figure in the California wine business and chairman of the Louis M. Martini Winery in Napa Valley, died Monday at his home in St. Helena, Calif. He was 79.

The cause of death was cancer, his family said.

The Martini family has been involved in the California wine industry for more than 70 years. Mr. Martini's father, Louis M. Martini, founded the family winery as the L. M. Martini Grape Products Company in 1922 in Kingsburg, near Fresno. The elder Martini, who never thought of Prohibition as anything more than a temporary aberration, began planning the expansion of his business while other wine companies were closing.

In 1933, he moved to the Napa Valley and changed the company's name to the Louis M. Martini Winery.

Louis Peter Martini was born in Livermore and grew up in Kingsburg, working in the winery and in the vineyards as a boy. He graduated from the University of California at Berkeley in 1941 and spent four years in the Army Air Forces during World War II. He joined the winery as vice president in 1946 and became the winemaker in 1954; wines he made in the 1950's and 60's are still prized by collectors.

At 6 feet 4 inches, Mr. Martini was a gentle giant, who worked in the shadow of his flamboyant father until the elder Martini's death in 1974. To an extent, the son's self-effacing nature is reflected in the winery's reputation. While he was a major producer of fine wine and an important behind-the-scenes industry leader, Mr. Martini avoided the well-publicized social side of Napa Valley life, and his winery rarely appeared in trendy articles about the wine business.

But his achievements were numerous. In the 50's and 60's, he helped improve grape quality by identifying and propagating superior grape clones. He developed vineyards in the Carneros district of the valley when it was considered useful only for grazing sheep, and he is credited with making the first Carneros varietal pinot noir in 1952. Today, many of the best California pinot noirs come from Carneros. Mr. Martini also made the first varietal merlot wine in the United States with his merlot blend of 1968 to 1970. And he was a pioneer in the use of mechanical grape harvesting.

From 1968 to 1985, he was president and general manager of the winery, which remains in family hands. His daughter Carolyn is president and chief executive.

Mr. Martini was a founder and former chairman of the Wine Institute and a charter member of the American Society of Enologists.

Surviving, besides his daughter, are his wife, Elizabeth Martinelli Martini; two sons, Michael, of St. Helena, the current Martini winemaker, and Peter, of Seattle; another daughter, Patricia, of San Francisco, and four grandchildren.

-----------------41142-----------------------

Wendell Chino, the longtime president of the Mescalero Apache Nation who helped to lift his tribe from tar-paper shack poverty with his persuasive style of "red capitalism," died on Wednesday at the Santa Monica-U.C.L.A. Medical Center in California. He was 74.

Mr. Chino had suffered from a heart ailment and collapsed while walking on a treadmill at a health clinic in Santa Monica, said Catherine Bedell, a spokeswoman for the Mescalero Apache tribe of New Mexico. Mr. Chino was revived but later died of a second heart attack, she said.

After more than a century of Federal policies that ranged from extermination to assimilation, Indian nations began in the 1960's to gain a greater degree of self-determination. The movement began in earnest with men like Mr. Chino, the president of his tribe for 34 years, who demanded that the Federal Government honor the treaties it made with Indian nations regarding the use of the land and its resources.

"He took stances that affected Indians not only on his reservation, but all over the country," said Roy Bernal, chairman of the All Indian Pueblo Council and a member of the Taos Pueblo nation.

"In the scheme of the 20th century, it has been said that Wendell Chino was a Martin Luther King or a Malcolm X of Indian Country," Mr. Bernal said. "He was truly a modern warrior."

Until the mid-1960's, the Federal Bureau of Indian Affairs had significant control over the Mescalero reservation, 200 miles south of Albuquerque. The agency oversaw everything from mining to lumber to grazing contracts on the reservation, which is home to 4,000 people.

As those contracts expired, Mr. Chino did not renew them, instead creating lumber and cattle companies controlled by the impoverished tribe.

With Mr. Chino's guidance, the Mescalero Apache Nation built a ski resort, the Inn of the Mountain Gods, Casino Apache, a timber mill and a metal fabrication plant, as well as Indian schools, a hospital and a health center.

In 1977, during a court battle in which Mr. Chino was attempting to secure sole control of Mescalero Apache natural resources, he described the problem: "The white man has raped this land and now he wastes the six million acres of Indian land in this state."

Mr. Chino believed Indian people should make decisions about Indian land, a notion he described as "red capitalism."

Mr. Chino's positions could also be unpopular: he split with New Mexico Indian leaders last year, refusing to honor a gambling revenue-sharing agreement with the state.

"He did not recognize the state as a legitimate entity," Mr. Bernal said. "He would only deal with the Federal government, nation to nation."

Mr. Chino also created a split within the Mescalero community when he invited nuclear power companies to bury their radioactive waste on tribal land in the early 1990's. The tribe rejected the proposal.

"His friends were few," said James Toulouse, an Albuquerque lawyer who considers himself part of that small circle. "But folks listened to what he had to say."

Even Presidents did not escape Mr. Chino's wrath. He lambasted President Jimmy Carter in 1978 for what Mr. Chino called the President's lack of attention to the economic and political problems of the American Indian.

"If Jimmy Carter has time enough to worry about human rights in Latin America and poverty in Africa, he should find some time to visit American Indians," Mr. Chino said.

Mr. Chino, described at times as a benevolent dictator, held tightly to the reins of Mescalero affairs while he traveled the world as a spokesman for Indian issues and served as the president of the National Congress of American Indians.

Born on Dec. 25, 1923, on the reservation, Mr. Chino was educated in the Santa Fe Indian School System. He attended Central College in Pella, Iowa, and the Cook Christian Training School in Phoenix. He was an ordained minister in the Dutch Reformed Church and a graduate of Western Theological Seminary in Holland, Mich.

He is survived by his wife, Rita, and son, Mark, both of Mescalero.

-----------------42909-----------------------

Laurence A. Tisch, the self-made New York billionaire who was hailed as a white knight for saving CBS Inc. from a hostile takeover and then reviled for diminishing what was once the nation's premier broadcasting network, died early yesterday at Tisch Hospital of the New York University Medical Center. He was 80. The cause was complications from gastric cancer, said his wife, Wilma, who is known as Billie.

For much of his career, Mr. Tisch was known as a brilliant, contrarian investor who bought failing companies when their share prices were at low ebb and then turned them into profitable enterprises with much higher stock valuations.

He and his brother, Preston Robert -- they were better known as Larry and Bob -- built up and controlled the Loews Corporation, a conglomerate of hotels, insurance, cigarette manufacturing, movie theaters, oil tankers and watchmaking that also was a vehicle for other investments. "Larry is a brilliant financial analyst who doesn't let himself get misled by current fads, or, indeed by the crisis of the moment," said Martin Lipton, a corporate lawyer in a 1986 article on Mr. Tisch in The New York Times Magazine. "Instead, he focuses on long-term outlooks and long-term values."

At that point, Mr. Tisch had a sterling reputation not only for his Midas touch, but also as a man who disdained the glitz and arrogance that so many other magnates embraced in the 1980's. He spent his leisure time with his family, in frequent discussions of Jewish traditions with Talmudic scholars, on the boards of leading cultural institutions in New York City and as a philanthropist. He was known as a political centrist who was the host of breakfasts for such opposites as Representative Charles B. Rangel, a liberal Democrat from Harlem, and the Rev. Pat Robertson, a television evangelist and conservative Republican from Virginia.

"Larry Tisch made an enormous contribution to the city, and he will be sorely missed. He represented what is best about New York, and his generosity will leave a legacy that we will all try to build on," said Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg in a statement.

His credentials made Mr. Tisch the consensus candidate in 1986 to rescue CBS from an assortment of corporate raiders and from conservative politicians, led by Senator Jesse Helms, a North Carolina Republican, who accused the network of a liberal bias. Through Loews, Mr. Tisch bought a strong minority stake in CBS and was invited to join its board. Shortly, he was elevated to acting chairman and chief executive. "My only desire is to keep CBS as a first-class, independent network," he told The Times Magazine. "It's very important for the country."

But Mr. Tisch was soon blamed for selling off some of CBS's most valuable assets, failing to develop top-rated programs, dismissing too many employees and leaving the company far behind its main competitors in terms of audience and advertising revenues. Mr. Tisch defended his 10-year leadership of CBS by noting that its sale in 1995 to the Westinghouse Electric Corporation brought a windfall of profits to shareholders, including Loews, his family-controlled company, which ended up $1 billion richer.

But a legion of critics faulted Mr. Tisch's performance. "Is that the legacy he wants to leave, that he made a lot of money?" Gerard R. Roche, an executive recruiter who often placed managers at the company, asked at the time. "CBS is a disaster." Media spokesmen were even more scathing. "He took an institution that was important in this country, and he strangled it," said Alex S. Jones, host of "On the Media," a public radio program, in a 1995 interview in The Times.

In the years after the sale of CBS, Mr. Tisch became increasingly involved in philanthropic efforts, especially on behalf of his alma mater, New York University. He also served as chairman of the university's board of trustees from 1978 to 1998 and helped raise almost $2 billion for the university, including more than $40 million from his own family's donations. But his sure financial instincts seemed to have abandoned him. Between 1996 and 2000, he lost about $2 billion of Loews' capital by betting heavily against the rising stock market.

Laurence Alan Tisch was born on March 5, 1923, in Brooklyn. His father, Al Tisch, a former All-American basketball player at the City University of New York, owned a garment factory and two summer camps that his wife, Sadye, helped him run. Laurence graduated cum laude from New York University at 18, and a year later earned a master's degree in industrial management from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania. After World War II service in the Office of Strategic Services, the intelligence agency that was the precursor of the Central Intelligence Agency, he enrolled at Harvard Law School, but dropped out after a year.

Brothers in Business

In 1946, Mr. Tisch's parents entrusted him with $125,000 to invest. He used the money to buy a lackluster New Jersey resort hotel that he found listed in the Business Opportunities section of The Times. His brother, Bob, joined him as a full partner in 1948, and over the next dozen years, the brothers acquired a dozen hotels in New York, New Jersey and Florida. There was a natural division of labor between the two siblings: Larry plotted overall financial strategy while Bob concentrated on management.

In 1960, the brothers gained control of Loews, one of the larger movie-house chains in the country. What attracted Mr. Tisch to the company were its underlying real estate assets -- a business concept that many investors tended to overlook at the time. In 1961, the Tisch brothers knocked down the old Loews Lexington Theater and used the site to build the 800-room Summit Hotel. Several other unprofitable New York movie theaters in the Loews chain gave way to modern apartment buildings and a number of hotels, including the 50-story, 2,000-room Americana, which became the city's largest hotel when it opened in 1962.

Mr. Tisch was just getting started. In 1968, he bought Lorillard, then the fifth-largest cigarette company in the United States. He shed its nontobacco interests to increase profit margins. In 1974, he acquired a controlling stake in the CAN Financial Corporation, a nearly bankrupt Chicago-based insurance company. Within a few years he transformed it into a company with $16.5 billion in assets and an A-plus credit rating. By 1980, Loews vaulted to more than $3 billion in annual revenues -- in contrast to $100 million a decade earlier -- from its 14 hotels, 67 movie theaters, insurance operations, shipping, Bulova watches, and popular cigarette brands including Kent, Newport and True. Typical of Mr. Tisch's financial strategy was a decision to buy five supertankers for $25 million in the early 1980's when the oil market was depressed. The investment had no risk because even if oil prices did not rise, the scrap value of each tanker was worth $5 million.

Mr. Tisch did occasionally stumble. In 1971, Loews invested $40 million in the Franklin National Bank, which was sold to Michele Sindona, an Italian financier. The bank failed, and Mr. Sindona was convicted of looting its assets. Loews was sued by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation for breach of fiduciary duty and misuse of inside information. The company agreed to pay$1.2 million in an out-of-court settlement.

Even as his fortune and reputation rose, Mr. Tisch's style of living remained little changed. He and his wife, the former Billie Stein, whom he married in 1948, lived in an unpretentious Fifth Avenue apartment. They spent weekends in a home in Rye, N.Y., close to properties owned by their four sons, Andrew, Dan, James and Tom.

At one point, all but Tom worked with their father in his Fifth Avenue office, with "spare furnishings and beige industrial carpeting reminiscent of a Howard Johnson's motor inn," according to a 1986 article in The Times Magazine. Surrounded by his sons, Mr. Tisch often invited a rabbi to his headquarters to discuss Bible passages and Talmudic interpretations. For relaxation at night, he played bridge, and on weekends, he played tennis with close friends and fellow investors.

Fighting Off Takeover Bid

This orderly, well-rounded and lucrative existence made a great change of direction because Mr. Tisch became drawn into a battle for control of CBS. In 1985, Ted Turner, the cable television entrepreneur, tried unsuccessfully to acquire CBS with a package of high-risk securities. Marvin Davis, a wealthy oilman and former owner of the 20th Century Fox film company, and Ivan F. Boesky, the stock speculator who later was convicted on insider-trading charges, also made takeover bids for the broadcast network. Meanwhile, Senator Helms was urging a politically conservative investment group to buy CBS and become "Dan Rather's boss" to end what the senator perceived as a liberal tone to the network's newscasts.

To discourage a hostile takeover, CBS invited Mr. Tisch to play the role of a white knight and invest in the company. By mid-1986, Mr. Tisch, using Loews as his investment vehicle, acquired almost 25 percent of CBS for $750 million. "We invited Mr. Tisch and Loews to take on a substantial share of the company because we felt having that kind of long-haul commitment from a person like him was in the interest of our shareholders and the country," William Lilley III, a CBS senior vice president, told Newsday at the time.

Mr. Tisch joined the CBS board and soon locked horns with Thomas H. Wyman, the chairman and chief executive, over the latter's attempt to sell the network to the Coca-Cola Company without even informing the board of those negotiations. At a board meeting, Mr. Tisch argued that such a transaction would be a betrayal of shareholders because CBS stock was so undervalued, and he then challenged Mr. Wyman's authority to offer the company to potential suitors. Mr. Wyman resigned the next day. Mr. Tisch became acting chief executive, while William S. Paley, the legendary founder of CBS, came out of retirement to take up the post of acting chairman.

Soon afterward, Van Gordon Sauter, the president of CBS News, also stepped down after being accused by Mr. Tisch of favoring audience ratings over quality in the news division. "Whether the news loses money or makes money is secondary to what we put on the air," Mr. Tisch told The Times in 1986. And in a 1986 interview in The Wall Street Journal, he promised that the news division would "get total support from me in every way -- financially, morally."

But within months, Mr. Tisch presided over the ouster of 230 out of 1,200 news employees and a $30 million reduction in the news division's budget -- "the biggest single staff and budget cut in network news history," according to Business Week. Mr. Tisch then sold CBS's book publishing units to Harcourt Brace Jovanovich in 1986 for $500 million and CBS's magazines to Diamandis Communications for $650 million the next year. Also in 1987, he sold CBS Records -- the second-largest record company in the world at the time -- to the Sony Corporation of Japan for $2 billion.

But Mr. Tisch was soon criticized within the industry and on Wall Street for not using this cash pile of more than $3 billion to diversify CBS. At CBS affiliate stations, some executives openly called for Mr. Tisch to relinquish his post of chief executive to someone with more experience in broadcasting. "I heard your concerns and disappointments loud and clear," Mr. Tisch told representatives of affiliate stations at a 1988 meeting, Forbes magazine reported. "I share your dissatisfactions."

After many years as the predominant network, CBS became mired in third place behind NBC and ABC in audience ratings and advertising revenues, and even trailed Rupert Murdoch's upstart Fox network in the 18-to-49 age group that is crucial to advertisers.

While CBS briefly climbed back to the top ranking in 1993, it eventually fell again. After a decade at the helm, Mr. Tisch decided the time had come to sell CBS, the last remaining independent network.

Selling the Network

In 1995, the Westinghouse Electric Corporation agreed to pay $5.4 billion for CBS. Mr. Tisch pointed out that under his leadership, CBS stock had climbed at an annual rate of almost 15 percent. But critics asserted that the CBS share prices might have risen far more if the company had been managed for growth. As evidence, they pointed to the almost simultaneous sale of Capital Cities/ABC to the Walt Disney Company for $19 billion -- 3.5 times the price for CBS. A decade before, ABC's market value was $3.5 billion, compared with $2.8 billion for CBS. Even close friends of Mr. Tisch publicly faulted him for not understanding the broadcast business. John H. Gutfreund, the former chairman of Salomon Inc., contrasted him with Mr. Paley, the founder of CBS. "Bill had a vision for the industry," Mr. Gutfreund told The Times in 1995. "For Larry, it is a business."

In the years after he left CBS, Mr. Tisch appeared in the business press mainly because of his bearish positions on a stock market that rose throughout the 1990's. Betting steadily against the market, Mr. Tisch recorded some $2 billion in trading losses for Loews.

Increasingly, he devoted himself to civic affairs and philanthropy. Over the years, he was a trustee of the Whitney Museum of Art, the Metropolitan Museum of Art and the New York Public Library. He was also president of the United Jewish Appeal of New York and a director of the Legal Aid Society. He became a prolific fund-raiser for N.Y.U., helping to provide it with endowment and buildings.

In addition to his wife, four sons and brother, Mr. Tisch is survived by fifteen grandchildren.

Despite being a billionaire, Mr. Tisch continued his restrained style of living. "Your standard of living doesn't change after the first million," he once said. "I don't want to become possessed by my possessions."

-----------------43554-----------------------

Dennis deLeon, a former New York City human rights commissioner who was one of the first city officials to announce that he was infected with the virus that causes AIDS and who later led one of the nation's most influential advocacy groups for Latinos with AIDS, died Monday in Manhattan. He was 61.

The cause was heart failure, said Bruce Kiernan, Mr. deLeon's companion for 32 years. Mr. deLeon learned he was H.I.V.-positive in 1986 and had grown weaker in recent years, Mr. Kiernan said.

Mr. deLeon had been human rights commissioner for three years when he disclosed his condition in an Op-Ed article in The New York Times in 1993. At the time, AIDS bore far more of a stigma than it does today, and he said he had been struggling about whether to go public.

''When I contemplated disclosure,'' he wrote, ''I felt that my hope to continue contributing to society as a lawyer and human rights activist was threatened. Would I be evaluated on my merits if I sought to be a judge, a law professor, a law firm member or a governmental appointee?''

In his article, Mr. deLeon commended two other officials -- Thomas K. Duane, then a City Council member and now a state senator, and Ronald Johnson, the city's AIDS services coordinator at the time -- for previously disclosing their H.I.V.-positive status. Until then, Mr. deLeon said, only his mother, his partner and Mayor David N. Dinkins had been aware of the situation.

As commissioner, he had seen hundreds of cases in which H.I.V.-positive New Yorkers were shunned by colleagues and employers, he wrote.

''Often, the person is transferred into a meaningless position, passed over for advancement or fired,'' he added. ''Such treatment is often made to appear superficially legitimate but is frequently revealed through investigation to be based on discrimination. Why should I put up with this?''

He would not. A year later, Mr. deLeon became president of the Latino Commission on AIDS, an organization that had a staff of two. It now has a staff of 45 and a budget of $5 million and works in partnership with 380 organizations around the county. Mr. deLeon was its president until a few months ago.

Under his leadership, the organization created a national Spanish-language clearinghouse for AIDS information, a network of prevention programs in Spanish-speaking churches, and committees with the mission of mobilizing gay Latinos as well as immigrants, women and inmates with AIDS. In 2003, the organization sponsored the first National Latino AIDS Awareness Day, a program that is now held annually on Oct. 15 in 40 states.

Dennis Lawrence deLeon was born in Los Angeles on July 16, 1948, one of two children of Jess and Josephine Munoz deLeon, who were of Mexican descent. His father was a schoolteacher.

Besides Mr. Kiernan, his partner, Mr. deLeon, who lived in Manhattan, is survived by his father; his sister, Diane Walden; his stepmother, Louise deLeon; a half brother, Dan; and a half sister, Denise.

After graduating from Occidental College in 1970, Mr. deLeon received his law degree from Stanford in 1974. He later became a trial lawyer for the Department of Justice in Washington, then returned to his home state to work for California Rural Legal Assistance, helping migrant workers.

Mr. deLeon's human rights work came to the attention of Frederick A. O. Schwarz Jr., New York City's corporation counsel, and in 1982, at his recommendation, Mayor Edward I. Koch named Mr. deLeon senior assistant corporation counsel.

Four years later, Mr. Dinkins, then the Manhattan borough president, appointed Mr. deLeon deputy borough president. After Mr. Dinkins became mayor in 1990, he named Mr. deLeon human rights commissioner.

It was a time of heightened ethnic tension in the city. As commissioner, Mr. deLeon worked to calm disputes between blacks and Orthodox Jews in Crown Heights and Williamsburg, Brooklyn; blacks and Korean grocery owners in Flatbush, Brooklyn; and Dominicans and the police in the Washington Heights neighborhood of Manhattan.

In 1992, after two black children were attacked by four white men in the Williamsbridge section of the Bronx -- they were robbed and their faces were sprayed with a white liquid -- Mr. deLeon sent in one of the Bias Response Teams he had created two years earlier.

Under Mr. deLeon, a human rights commission study found that many hospitals and clinics in the city were refusing to perform abortions on women infected with the AIDS virus. Investigators posing as patients made appointments at 50 health centers but were turned away from 20 clinics when they said they were H.I.V.-positive.

''To have this service denied to these women is really a crime,'' Mr. deLeon said. ''No one wants to deal with these folks. We're sending a message to the clinics that this is illegal, and we will pursue you.''

-----------------44277-----------------------

Richard L. Turner, chairman and president of the Schlegel Corporation of Rochester, a diversified manufacturing company, died of an aneurysm Sunday while traveling in Hickory, N.C. He was 60 years old and lived in Pittsford, N.Y.

Mr. Turner was a partner in a Rochester law firm before his appointment in 1962 as chairman of the Schlegel company. He added the titles of chief executive officer in 1964 and president in 1972.

He was a director and former chairman of the Rochester Industrial Management Council and a trustee of the Rochester Museum and Science Center and the Genesee County Museum.

Mr. Turner was born in Huntington, W. Va., and was a graduate of Yale University and the Yale Law School.

He is survived by his wife, Nancy Riford Turner; two daughters, Sarah L. Turner of Manhattan, and Molly L. Turner of Charlottesville, Va.; two sons, Richard R., of Pasadena, Calif., and James R., of Manhattan; his mother, Mrs. Clyde Baker Turner of Bridgewater, Va.; a sister, Jane Wagner of Warrenton, Va., and a grandchild.

-----------------44285-----------------------

Jan Kalnberzin, Communist Party leader of Latvia for 19 years after the Baltic nation was absorbed into the Soviet Union in 1940, has died after a long illness, the Soviet press agency Tass said today. He was 92 years old. Mr. Kalnberzin was born Sept. 17, 1893, near Riga, the capital of Latvia, and joined the Communist Party in April 1917. According to Soviet histories, he worked to establish Communist power in the then-independent Baltic nation. Mr. Kalnberzin headed the Latvian Communist Party underground from 1936 to 1939.

He was arrested in 1939 but freed in 1940 when Soviet forces entered the Baltic republics of Latvia, Lithuania and Estonia and absorbed them into the Soviet Union. Tass said he fought the occupying Nazis during the war.

Mr. Kalnberzin became head of the Latvian Communist Party in 1940 and served as its first secretary until 1959. He then became President of the republic, staying in that post until his retirement in 1970.

Tass said an obituary signed by Mikhail S. Gorbachev, the Soviet leader, and other officials praised Mr. Kalnberzin as ''a principled Communist and an able organizer'' who had made great contributions to Latvia.

-----------------44669-----------------------

Lucille Roberts, a businesswoman whose ambition to create "the McDonald's of health clubs" inspired a chain of bargain-basement gyms for women, died yesterday at New York University Downtown Hospital in Manhattan. She was 59.

The cause was lung cancer, said her husband, Bob. She lived in Manhattan.

Mrs. Roberts built a chain of 50 gyms with 200,000 members in the New York metropolitan region by charging half or less of what many competitors asked. Her clubs were forwomen only, partly because she wanted to protect women from being ogled in coed gyms.

Mrs. Roberts said her target market was secretaries, teachers and the wives of policemen, and she said she knew how to please them -- an assertion the $50 million collected each year from members seemed to support.

"It is only the upper classes who are into exercise for health," she said in an interview with The New York Times in 1997. "The middle classes just want to look good. We have tried health classes. They just want to fit into tight jeans."

Her business strategy involved recruiting as many members as possible and crowding them into large gyms. By continually adding more gyms, she was able to keep down the cost of advertising -- a significant and critical expenditure for health clubs -- on a per-member basis. The result was summed up by a promotional slogan Lucille Roberts used for years: "More Gym Less Money."

Ms. Roberts was born in the Soviet Union on Dec. 7, 1943, in what is now an independent country, Tajikistan. In an interview in Success magazine in 1998, she said her father lost a son in the war.

"I became a surrogate son," she said. "I never knew there was anything in the world I couldn't do. It was just a matter of when and how."

Her family was Jewish, and, facing religious persecution in the Soviet Union, immigrated to the United States and settled in the Flatbush neighborhood of Brooklyn when she was 13. She graduated from the University of Pennsylvania in 1964 and worked in a succession of jobs in retailing.

The last was at Kitty Kelly Inc., which sold shoes and other merchandise. Mrs. Roberts was promised a $50 raise if she met a difficult sales target. She reached it, but did not receive the raise. She quit and started her own business with her husband.

In addition to him, she is survived by her sons Kevin and Kirk, both of Manhattan.

Mrs. Roberts hated to deal with inventory and wanted to find a business in which things like colors and sizes did not matter, she said in an interview with CNNfn in 1999. A self-described exercise nut, she said her first idea was to teach an exercise class for women at a hotel.

Instead, she decided that what women really needed was a place where they could exercise with no men around, The Wall Street Journal reported in 1997. She and her husband put up $10,000 of their savings, borrowed $5,000 each from their parents and opened a little "spa" opposite Macy's in Manhattan.

The club was an immediate success, but its name, the Body Shop, caused confusion: People thought it was an auto-repair business. Within two years, two additional clubs opened, and the name was changed to Lucille Roberts.

The overriding goal was to be friendly to women. No heavy weights or elaborate machines were emphasized; classes were easy to follow and taught by people with less-than-perfect bodies. The classes lasted only 30 minutes so they could easily fit into women's schedules.

The Robertses also invested heavily in real estate, buying whole shopping centers as well as individual buildings for health clubs. At the time of her death, they were about to begin selling franchises elsewhere in the United States, Mr. Roberts said.

-----------------44791-----------------------

Carlos Roberto Reina, a former political prisoner who rose to Honduras's presidency, committed suicide on Tuesday after several weeks of illness, his family said on Wednesday. He was 77.

He died at his home in the Loma Linda district of this city.

A Liberal Party activist who was imprisoned in 1944 after criticizing the dictator Tiburcio Carias Andino, Mr. Reina was elected president in November 1993 with promises to crack down on corruption and reduce the role of the military. He made gradual progress on both fronts during his four-year term.

He eliminated mandatory military service, helping ease Honduras away from decades of military meddling in politics, though corruption, crime and poverty remain grave problems in the Central American nation.

He survived a 1996 bombing that blew a hole in his house, though the bomber escaped.

Mr. Reina underwent a gallbladder operation three weeks ago in San Antonio, returned home and was again hospitalized for four days later. "He had problems with the gallbladder, which put pressure on the pancreas," said his brother, Jorge. "In the end, that caused his death."

As a teenager, Mr. Reina was imprisoned for six months in 1944 for protesting against General Carias. He was briefly imprisoned by military governments in 1963 and 1968 as well.

He was a law professor for 30 years at the National Autonomous University and was publisher of the Liberal Party newspaper El Pueblo in the 1960's.

He was first elected to Congress in 1965. After his presidential term, he served as a judge of the Inter-American Court of Human Rights and as ambassador to France.

He is survived by his American-born wife, Bessie Watson, and three daughters, Karla Marina, Lolita and Florencia.

-----------------45078-----------------------

Gustav H. Koven, chairman of L. O. Koven and Brothers Inc., manufacturer of steel tanks in Dover, N.J., died on Thursday at Morristown (N.J.) Memorial Hospital. He was 80 years old and lived in Green Village, N.J., and Bequia, St. Vincent.

Mr. Koven took over the business in 1932, after his brother, Theodore, was killed in a climbing accident on Mount McKinley. Mr. Koven worked on manufacturing technologies in the Depression and World War II and built equipment for General Motors and the military.

Mr. Koven attended the Stevens Institute of Technology.

Surviving are his wife, the former Jane Crowley; 3 sons, Theodore, of Mountainville, N.J., Gustav, of Green Village, and Thomas, of Big Pine Key, Fla.; 12 grandchildren, and 6 great-grandchildren.

-----------------45096-----------------------

Harland Clement Forbes, a retired chief executive of the Consolidated Edison Company of New York, died of pneumonia yesterday at Memorial Hospital in Sarasota, Fla. He was 92 years old and had lived in Sarasota since moving there from Manhasset, L.I., in 1965.

Mr. Forbes spent 41 years with Con Edison, joining the company in 1924, when it was the New York Edison Company, as an assistant to the chief electrical engineer. In 1932, he was named systems engineer.

As systems engineer and later as vice president, Mr. Forbes was chiefly responsible for the coordination of Con Edison's gas, electric and steam engineering.

After World War II, he directed a $530 million expansion program in which the company created new plants and improved existing ones.

He was named president in 1955 and chairman in 1957. He retired in December 1965.

Two Major Power Failures

Mr. Forbes remained with the utility as a consultant on two major projects with which he had been associated - a planned reservoir for powering hydro-electric generators at Storm King Mountain and the importation of huge amounts of electricity from Labrador. Both projects were later abandoned. Mr. Forbes was in charge during two major power failures in the 1960's. In 1961, a blackout left five square miles in New York City without electricity. In the other, a power failure that began in upstate New York cut power to most of the Eastern Seaboard for 13 hours in November 1965. The failure, which occurred just before Mr. Forbes retired, led to criticism of the utility for not removing itself from the regional power grid during a critical 10-minute period before the blackout hit New York City.

Mr. Forbes, who was born in Colebrook, N.H., in 1898, earned a bachelor's degree from the University of New Hampshire and a master's degree from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, where he was an electrical engineering instructor. He then joined the design and testing staff of the Western Electric Company.

He is survived by his wife, Elizabeth; two sons, Howard, of Dallas, and Barton, of Cumberland Foreside, Me.; six grandchildren, and three great-grandchildren.

-----------------45987-----------------------

Sydney Drazen, a former president of Tepper Galleries, an auctioneering and appraising concern in Manhattan, died of pneumonia Saturday at St. Francis Hospital in Miami Beach. He was 76 years old and lived in Miami Beach.

Mr. Drazen, a native New Yorker, started his career as a warehouse auctioneer and received his first license in 1930 at the age of 17. He spent nearly 50 years as an appraiser, auctioneer and antiques dealer in Manhattan and the Bronx. He joined the Tepper Galleries as a partner in 1960, remaining until his retirement in 1986.

He was a former president of the Appraisers Association of America. He was also a former treasurer and a board member of the Hebrew Hospital for the Chronic Sick in the Bronx, of which his father, Samuel, was a founder.

During World War II, Mr. Drazen was a sergeant in the Army and served in combat with Gen. George S. Patton's Second Armored Division, for which he received the Bronze Star.

He is survived by his wife, the former Regina Mahar; a son from a former marriage, Max, of Manhattan, and two brothers, Irving, of Fort Lauderdale, Fla., and Martin, of White Plains.

-----------------46990-----------------------

The Rev. Paul C. Reinert, who was St. Louis University's president from 1949 to 1974 before serving 16 years as chancellor, died on Sunday.

He was 90.

Father Reinert received his bachelor's and master's degrees from St. Louis University, a Roman Catholic institution.

Ordained in 1940 as a priest in the Jesuit order, he was named the dean of the university's College of Arts and Sciences in 1944. He became academic vice president in 1948, a year before being named the university's 27th president, at the age of 39.

Father Reinert was named chancellor in 1974 and chancellor emeritus in 1990.

During his presidency, Father Reinert admitted women as regular, full-time students to the university for the first time and oversaw the spending of more than $150 million to modernize and expand the campus.

In 1955, he was a Missouri delegate to the White House Conference on Education, and a year later President Dwight D. Eisenhower appointed him to his Education Beyond the High School committee.

In the 1960's, President Lyndon B. Johnson asked Father Reinert to serve on two education task forces, and in 1968 President Richard M. Nixon appointed him to his task force on education.

-----------------47498-----------------------

HONG KONG -- Chen Xitong, the mayor of Beijing during the Tiananmen Square protests of 1989, died on Sunday, two days before the 24th anniversary of the armed crackdown he had championed. He was 82.

The cause was cancer, China's state-run news agency, Xinhua, said Wednesday, confirming reports in the Hong Kong news media and on overseas Chinese Web sites the day before. Official confirmation appeared to have been delayed until after the anniversary on Tuesday, when the government was on guard against any displays of defiance.

Mr. Chen's hard-line stance during the protests earned him promotion from the Communist Party and scorn from its opponents. But he was ultimately reviled and disowned by the party as well, accused of turning the Chinese capital into his brazenly corrupt fief. For Mr. Chen, a career that had started with literary yearnings ended in prison.

His death was little mourned publicly. The Hong Kong news media said he had been cremated in Beijing; the Xinhua bulletin gave no such details. The party issued no public praise or condolences as it usually does on the death of a dignitary.

''He was a tragic figure; he was a puppet used by more powerful people,'' said Yao Jianfu, a former official and government researcher in Beijing, who published a book in Hong Kong last year based on his conversations with Mr. Chen.

''He started as a Chinese literature student at Peking University and could have become a poet or writer,'' Mr. Yao said in a telephone interview. ''But he joined the revolution and became a politician, and he'll always be known for his role in the June 4 tragedy.''

On that day in 1989, soldiers and armored vehicles swept into central Beijing and opened fire, killing, by many estimates, hundreds of people. Party leaders had ordered them to put down the protests in Tiananmen Square, where for two months tens of thousands of students and other citizens had demanded expanded legal rights, an end to corruption and steps toward democracy.

Party roles in China carry much more power than government ones, but Mr. Chen, as Beijing's mayor, and several other hard-line officials won the ear of Deng Xiaoping, the party patriarch, arguing that the protesters were a dire threat to one-party rule. In embracing their assertions and approving a crackdown, Mr. Deng shunted aside Zhao Ziyang, the relatively moderate party general secretary.

In memoirs published posthumously in 2009, Mr. Zhao said Mr. Chen had joined forces with the prime minister, Li Peng, and the party secretary of Beijing, Li Ximing, to convince Mr. Deng that the protests were part of a plot that would imperil him and the party.

Mr. Chen played a bigger role in the upheavals than he cared to admit, said Zhou Duo, who was among a group of intellectuals who negotiated with soldiers on June 4, 1989, to avoid bloodshed in Tiananmen Square itself.

''He egged on Deng Xiaoping to take a hard-line direction at a very critical moment,'' said Mr. Zhou, who lives in Beijing. ''He, Li Peng and Li Ximing played a very important role in encouraging Deng to take a mistaken course.''

Mr. Chen was born on June 10, 1930, in Sichuan Province, in southwest China. He joined the Communist Party in 1949, beginning a climb up the ladder of power in Beijing.

He won more power after the 1989 protests were crushed, becoming the party secretary of Beijing and a member of the Politburo, the council of top party officials. He promoted Beijing's failed campaign for the 2000 Summer Olympic Games, which went to Sydney, Australia. (Beijing won the Games for 2008.) In the 1990s, Beijing residents joked about ''Xitong hats,'' the incongruous, pseudotraditional roofs that Mr. Chen was said to have ordered for new modernist buildings.

But Mr. Chen also accumulated rivals, including Jiang Zemin, the party chief who was appointed in 1989 and became president in 1993. Mr. Chen was dismissed from office in 1995 over a spreading scandal in Beijing; in 1998 he was tried and sentenced to 16 years in prison on charges of corruption and dereliction of duty. He and other officials contended that his real error had been in falling out with Mr. Jiang, said Mr. Yao, the retired official.

Mr. Chen was released from prison on medical parole in 2006 but usually remained under guard, Mr. Yao said.

As portrayed in the book that Mr. Yao published, Mr. Chen rejected the accusations against him, presenting himself as a nave underling manipulated by top party leaders. The corruption case against him was an ''absurd miscarriage of justice,'' he said.

Mr. Yao said he believed that Mr. Chen was survived by his wife, Ye Zi, and a son, Chen Xiaotong.

Apart from the June 4 crackdown, Mr. Chen's legacy may be as the sole senior official behind it who displayed any remorse about the bloodshed.

''Chen Xitong believed it was a tragedy that could, and should, have been avoided,'' Mr. Yao said. ''He didn't say 'I apologize' or 'I'm guilty,' but he said he felt regret for the innocent victims.''

''That was too little, but after all, no other leader has said even that.''

-----------------47638-----------------------

John V. Bickford, president of the Westmoreland Coal Sales Company of Philadelphia, died June 28. He was 56 years old and lived in Devon, Pa.

He died of a heart attack while driving home from his office, a company spokesman said.

Mr. Bickford was born in Roanoke, Va., and attended Virginia Polytechnic Institute. He joined Westmoreland in 1961 as manager of its sales office in Charlotte, N.C., became a district manager in Cincinnati in 1969, vice president in 1974 and president in 1981. He specialized in coal sales to electric utilities and manufacturing concerns in foreign countries.

He is survived by his wife, the former Loretta Scott; two sons, John Jr. of Port Jefferson, L.I., and Cameron, of Richmond, and five grandchildren.

-----------------48147-----------------------

Dorothy Schiff, owner of The New York Post for 37 years, died early yesterday in her apartment on the East Side of Manhattan. She was 86 years old.

The Post's vice president for editorial and administration, Peter Faris, said she had died of cancer. Members of the Post staff said Mrs. Schiff had learned in May that she had cancer and had decided against being treated for it.

Mrs. Schiff, the granddaughter of a wealthy investment banker, used her family money to obtain the controlling stock of The Post in 1939. She sold it in 1976 to Rupert Murdoch, who sold it in 1988 to Peter S. Kalikow.

Under her stewardship, the newspaper alternately made and lost money, and Mrs. Schiff constantly fretted that it would drive her into pauperdom. But she always managed to keep the newspaper afloat, seeing it outlast its competitors to become the only afternoon daily in New York City. She said in 1987 that she decided to sell the paper to Rupert Murdoch, the Australian entrepreneur, after The Post incurred heavy losses in the mid-1970's.

Weak Competitor in '39

Mrs. Schiff bought a controlling interest in The Post in 1939 from J. David Stern at the urging of her second husband, George Backer. She had little business experience, and she later learned that she had assumed obligations for millions of dollars in severance pay if the paper closed.

Mrs. Schiff played only a peripheral role in the management of The Post in the first 10 years of her ownership. When she took active control, her new editor, James A. Wechsler, said the odds of its surviving were 1,000 to 1. Few would have challenged him. The Post was a weak third in the field of New York City afternoon dailies, behind The Journal-American and The World-Telegram, and it had been losing money for 20 years.

But the Post survived and prospered, becoming a liberal power in journalism while its powerful competitors collapsed, one by one. Even her critics agreed that most of the credit had to go to Mrs. Schiff. But they also said her success was partly attributable to personality traits for which they criticized her and to which she freely confessed: a fondness for gossip and scandal, a fear of becoming poor and a craving for power or, as she called it, influence.

'Men, Money & Magic'

Mrs. Schiff resumed her maiden name after her third divorce but decided that ''Mrs.'' was more appropriate than ''Miss'' for a grandmother. She described her private life in her diaries and other papers and in interviews. The book, ''Men, Money & Magic: The Story of Dorothy Schiff,'' by Jeffrey Potter, was published by Coward, McCann & Geoghegan in 1976.

Much of the book is devoted to her relationships with her husbands and male friends, including President Franklin D. Roosevelt, who persuaded her to build a home near his in Hyde Park, N.Y. Her biography suggested that their relationship had included sex and that it had been approved by Mr. Backer.

Mrs. Schiff came to regret what she called ''that awful book.'' In a statement volunteered for this obituary, she said, ''I want to make it very clear that President Roosevelt never made a suggestion that I become his girlfriend, and Mrs. Eleanor Roosevelt was just as good a friend as Mr. Roosevelt.''

Born on Fifth Avenue

Mrs. Schiff was born on March 11, 1903, in the Fifth Avenue apartment of her parents, Mortimer L. and Adele Neustadt Schiff. The apartment was a wedding gift from her grandfather, Jacob H. Schiff, a stern banker and the head of Kuhn, Loeb & Company.

As a girl, Dorothy - known to many as Dolly - was often treated coldly by her parents, each of whom had separate romantic and social interests. ''There was no joy in my growing up,'' she recalled. ''None, absolutely none.''

Later she would explain her refusal to grant bonuses or congratulations to Post staff members for good work by saying, ''They weren't given to me as a child, and any words I did receive were not ones of praise.''

She was, by her account, a bookish and sullen girl, associating solely with other young socialites at the Brearley School, Class of '20, on the Upper East Side. After her freshman year at Bryn Mawr College, where, she said, ''I flunked every single course, which is pretty hard to do,'' she set her heart on Richard B. W. Hall, a handsome socialite, though lacking in great wealth. Her parents opposed the match and, in classic fashion, sent her to Europe. But they finally yielded, in 1923.

'Rich at Last!'

Two children, Mortimer and Adele, were born in the first two years, but the marriage quickly turned cold.

After Mrs. Schiff's parents died in 1931, she said, she told her husband: ''My God, I'm rich at last! . . . And now I'm going to leave you.''

Mrs. Schiff said Mr. Hall had resented her Jewish origins as a social handicap. Shedding him, she abandoned a formal conversion to the Episcopal Church and gradually reverted to an old family concern for the fate of European Jewry.

She married Mr. Backer in 1932, because, Mrs. Schiff said, ''In those days, I thought it was important to be married, and since the substantial older ones had enough sense not to marry me, there wasn't much choice.''

Glamour and Politics

Until then, she had been, by her account, a socialite and a nominal Republican, interested chiefly in the glamour of the international set. He was a writer and a liberal Democrat, and he introduced her to the Algonquin Round Table and New Deal politics.

She joined the Roosevelt campaign in 1936 in a minor role and became active in welfare work. Three years later she gained control of The Post, ''with the understanding that I would pay the debts and the deficits,'' she said in 1987.

Mr. Backer became the nominal publisher and editor, and his wife was vice president and treasurer. She lost nearly $2 million the first two years as costs rose and circulation fell, to 190,000 from 250,000. Mrs. Schiff became terrified that the paper would bankrupt her.

She decided it needed a popular approach - a tabloid form, more comics and columns, and plenty of glamour, scandal and human-interest articles.

The features editor, Ted Thackrey, agreed. Mr. Backer did not.

Marrying the Editor

Mrs. Schiff took over as publisher in 1942, separated from Mr. Backer and named Mr. Thackrey editor.

The publisher married the editor the next year, and while she was involved in buying radio and television stations, which were eventually sold, The Post under Mr. Thackrey was building circulation and cutting its losses.

The couple diverged on politics, and they publicized their disagreements in a series of columns during the 1948 Presidential campaign, he supporting the Progressive Party candidate, Henry A. Wallace, and she the Republican, Thomas E. Dewey. Both disliked Harry S. Truman, who won.

The Thackreys were divorced the next year.

The Golden Age

To many readers and former Post staff writers, the era of James Wechsler's editorship, 1948 to 1961, was the newspaper's golden age. Talented reporters and columnists were hired, and although many features were about sex and celebrities, the paper also took on targets previously immune to critical coverage, like J. Edgar Hoover, Sen. Joseph R. McCarthy and Robert Moses.

From 1950 on, The Post was a money maker almost without interruption. But Mrs. Schiff never lost her sense of financial insecurity. She kept a tight rein on costs, gradually eliminating foreign and out-of-town coverage and permitting many skilled employees to leave for jobs that paid better.

She also kept a close watch on policy, conferring daily with department chiefs. Her decision in 1961 to name Paul Sann editor, making Mr. Wechsler the editorial page chief and a columnist, was generally perceived as favoring human interest over crusading.

As a publisher, she joined the strike-lockout that closed the daily newspapers in New York for 114 days beginning in December 1962. One month before the labor stoppage ended, she resumed publication because, she said, she had been snubbed in the negotiations by her male fellow publishers and because she feared that the continued stoppage might cause the death of weaker papers like The Post.

Competition Dwindles

In fact, by 1966 The Daily Mirror had folded, and the morning New York Herald Tribune had merged with the big evening papers into The World Journal Tribune, familiarly dubbed The Widget.

''I was petrified,'' Mrs. Schiff recalled. ''Here we had Jock Whitney, William Randolph Hearst Jr. and Jack Howard teaming up in the evening field.''

But an executive of the former Herald Tribune, Walter N. Thayer, reassured her, saying, ''It's an impossible three-headed thing.'' He was right. The paper closed a little more than a year later.

Mrs. Schiff then had the evening field to herself. She moved The Post from West Street to The Journal-American plant on South Street. She installed automated equipment and a spacious sixth-floor oval office for herself.

The Sale to Murdoch

In December 1976, Mrs. Schiff startled the public and her staff by announcing the sale of The Post to Mr. Murdoch for $31 million. She did not give a reason, but it was widely assumed that she was pessimistic about the future of afternoon papers in the city.

''The reason has been widely misconstrued,'' she said later in an interview. ''It was not sold for 'estate purposes.' Evening papers in urban areas have not survived. The Post had a deficit in 1975 and was a heavy loser in 1976, and I could no longer meet the deficits.''

In an interview last year, Mrs. Schiff said of her long ownership of the Post, ''It was a terrible headache.'' She said that she was then, in 1988, spending her time on needlepoint and other less stressful activities.

Mrs. Schiff married Rudolf Sonneborn, a Baltimore industrialist, in 1953. They separated in 1965 and were later divorced.

Surviving are the children of the first marriage, Mortimer W. Hall of Millbrook, N.Y., and Adele Hall Sweet, of Manhattan; a daughter from the second marriage, Sarah-Ann Kramarsky, also of Manhattan; 15 grandchildren and nine great-grandchildren.

-----------------48765-----------------------

Elmer J. Nordstrom, a former co-chairman of the Nordstrom department store chain, died Sunday at Swedish Hospital in Seattle. He was 88.

He died of complications from pneumonia, said a Nordstrom spokeswoman, Kellie Tormey.

Mr. Nordstrom had been a co-chairman of the company with his brothers Everett and Lloyd until the three retired in the late 1960's. Both brothers died before him.

The company began as a small shoe store opened in 1901 by their father, John W. Nordstrom, and his partner, Carl Wallin. Elmer Nordstrom and his brothers bought out their father and Mr. Wallin in 1928.

72 Stores in 11 States

Under the brothers' direction, Nordstrom Inc. became the largest single shoe store in the country, the company said. The chain had grown to 10 stores in the Pacific Northwest by the time Elmer Nordstrom retired. There are now 72 stores in 11 states, with full clothing lines and other items.

Elmer Nordstrom maintained an active interest in the company, working in his downtown office as recently as last week, the company said. He was also the majority ownership representative for the Seahawks football team during the first six years of its National Football League franchise from 1976 to 1982. The franchise was sold to Ken Behring, a California real estate developer, in 1988.

Mr. Nordstrom also served for 57 years on the board of Swedish Hospital, which was founded in 1908 by his future father-in-law, and on the boards of several corporations and not-for-profit organizations.

He is survived by his wife, the former Katherine Johanson, two sons and several grandchildren and great-grandchildren.

-----------------48843-----------------------

Peter F. Fleischmann, the former president and chairman of The New Yorker magazine, died yesterday at his home in Manhattan at the age of 71.

The cause was cancer, his family said.

For 32 years he served as an officer of The New Yorker. His father, Raoul H. Fleischmann, was the financial backer who co-founded the magazine in 1925 with the editor Harold Ross, and was its first president, chairman and publisher.

Mr. Fleischmann joined the company as a director in 1953. He became treasurer of the board in 1955, while still in his early 30's; executive vice president in 1965, and president in 1968. After his father's death in 1969, he succeeded as the chairman.

For many years the magazine flourished, both as a literary journal and a business.

At its peak, The New Yorker was forced to turn down some advertising for lack of space. In 1975, noting that the last time the magazine had borrowed money was in 1930, Mr. Fleischmann mused that "banks get very cross at us." In later years, however, revenues declined.

Observed Strict SeparationXx

Mr. Fleischmann upheld his father's tradition of strict separation of the magazine's business side from its editorial functions under Mr. Ross and his successor as editor, William Shawn.

"It's unique," Mr. Fleischmann said in 1975 of the editorial department's independence. "I don't think anybody understands it except maybe Shawn and myself."

Control of The New Yorker was sold to Samuel I. Newhouse's Advance Publications in 1985 for $142 million. The next year, Mr. Fleischmann retired, citing ill health.

Although he agreed to the sale and received more than $40 million for his stock, Mr. Fleischmann also expressed reluctance. "The takeover of The New Yorker was hard to bear," he said afterward. "For 60 years there had been a Fleischmann on the premises and in charge, and now there was none."

Mr. Fleischmann was born in Manhattan, descended from an Austrian immigrant family that started the Fleischmann yeast company.

He graduated from Yale in 1944. During World War II he served as a captain in the Army, fighting the German counteroffensive in the Battle of the Bulge, and was wounded twice.

After the war he went into business, working at Smith Barney & Company and serving as secretary-treasurer of Electronic Control Corporation.

His first marriage ended in divorce.

Surviving are his second wife, the former Jeanne Cowles; two sons, James R. of Langhorne, Pa., and Stephen F. of Manhattan; a daughter, Ruth Planitzer of Manhattan, and three grandchildren.

-----------------50670-----------------------

HIGHLIGHT:Ms. Barnes was a two-time corporate chief executive whose decision to leave a top job at Pepsi-Cola inspired a national debate about women juggling career and family.

Correction Appended

Brenda Barnes, a two-time corporate chief executive whose decision to leave her top job at Pepsi-Cola sparked a national debate about women juggling career and family, died on Tuesday in Naperville, Ill. She was 63.

Her daughter, Erin Barnes, said the cause was complications of a stroke. The elder Ms. Barnes had had a stroke in 2010, after which she gave up her corporate career entirely.

Ms. Barnes had been chief executive of Pepsi-Cola North America for a year and a half when she decided in 1997 to step down, saying that after two decades of grueling hours away from home she wanted to spend time with her three children, ages 10, 8 and 7.

She was 43 at the time and overseeing PepsiCo's chief profit engine, based in Somers, N.Y., making her one of the most recognized women in corporate America. She resisted the entreaties of her peers to remain at the company, explaining that she had had her fill of days and nights away from her children.

"I hope people can look at my decision not as 'women can't do it' but 'for 22 years Brenda gave her all and did a lot of great things,'" Ms. Barnes told The Wall Street Journal at the time. "I don't think there's any man who doesn't have the same struggle. Hopefully, one day corporate America can battle this."

Her choice and the blunt language she used to describe the many burdens executive women had to shoulder elicited sharp reactions. Supporters hailed her decision to put family first. Detractors argued that her retreat from such a lofty post was a defeat for women fighting to be considered men's equals in the boardroom.

The debate raged on television talk shows in the United States and in tabloid newspapers in London - much to the surprise of Ms. Barnes, who had never seen herself as a public figure pushing a cause.

A private woman by disposition (her nickname growing up outside Chicago was Bashful), Ms. Barnes weathered the public outcry and returned to Illinois with her family, settling in Naperville, about 33 miles west of Chicago.

She did not fully retire from corporate life, however. She became a sought-after company director, joining the boards of The New York Times (from 1998 to 2008), Avon, Lucasfilm, Sears and Staples.

In 2004, with her children in high school, Ms. Barnes accepted an offer to be a top executive at Sara Lee, the food conglomerate based in Chicago. She was soon named chairwoman and chief executive - becoming one of the few women to run a major American corporation - and given a mandate to revive Sara Lee's sinking fortunes.

Ms. Barnes presided over a broad corporate restructuring, selling off noncore businesses and focusing on the company's food brands. But the overhaul did not spur a profit recovery, and Sara Lee's stock price remained stagnant for much of her time there.

Ms. Barnes's stroke in 2010 came in May while she was lifting weights at a local gym. It left her incapable of simple motor activities. Three months later, at 56 and after a tough rehabilitation period, she stepped down permanently from Sara Lee. She did not return to corporate life again.

Brenda Jo Czajka, a granddaughter of Polish immigrants, was born on Nov. 11, 1953, in Chicago and grew up in River Grove, Ill., a gritty suburb northwest of the city. Her father was a pipe fitter at International Harvester, the agricultural manufacturer; her mother stayed home to look after Brenda and her six sisters.

Ms. Barnes began working at 15, helping out at a neighborhood flower shop for $1.25 per hour. (As chief executive of Sara Lee, she earned as much as $15 million a year.)

She graduated from Augustana College in Rock Island, Ill., in 1975 with a major in economics. After stints waiting on tables and sorting mail, she landed a job in the back office of Wilson Sporting Goods in Chicago in 1976.

Wilson was part of the fast-growing Pepsi conglomerate at the time, and Ms. Barnes began to climb the corporate ladder rapidly while working toward her master's degree in business at Loyola University Chicago, receiving it in 1980. She then moved to a senior job marketing salty snacks at Pepsi's Frito-Lay division in Dallas.

Also in 1980, she married Randall Barnes, a top executive at the company. The marriage ended in divorce.

Besides her daughter, Ms. Barnes is survived by two sons, Jeff and Brian; her partner, Sal Barrutia; and five sisters, Linda Stebbins, Donna Williams, Rhonda Thompson, Laurna Czajka and Trina Baker. Another sister, Andra, died before her.

In more than 20 years with Pepsi, Ms. Barnes rose from one top job to another, moving from marketing positions to broader management roles until she was named to run the company's giant beverage business in North America in 1996.

She gained a reputation for being adept at connecting with workers on the factory floor and for wooing her peers in the boardroom. But the hours were brutal. She often set her alarm for 3:30 a.m., she said, so she could catch up with work at home before rousing the children for school.

"There were two things in my life, kids and job," Ms. Barnes told The Christian Science Monitor. "Exercise? Golf? Sleep? None of that."

Correction: January 24, 2017, Tuesday

This article has been revised to reflect the following correction: An obituary on Saturday about the former corporate chief executive Brenda Barnes, using information from her family, misstated the cause of her death. It was complications of a recent stroke, not of a stroke she suffered in 2010.

PHOTO: Brenda Barnes in June 2009, when she was chairwoman and chief executive at Sara Lee. (PHOTOGRAPH BY DANIEL ACKER/BLOOMBERG NEWS)

-----------------51867-----------------------

Shintaro Abe, one of Japan's top politicians for nearly two decades and leader of an influential faction of the governing Liberal Democratic Party, died today after a two-year illness. He was 67 years old.

There have been reports, never confirmed, that he suffered from cancer. Party officials reported that he died of heart failure. His health was also said to have been failing since he underwent bile-duct surgery two years ago.

Mr. Abe, a former journalist who once sought to become a kamikaze pilot, was groomed to become Prime Minister, holding every top job in his party and a number of important Cabinet posts. He was Japan's longest-serving postwar Foreign Minister, holding the post from 1982 through 1986, during a time when Japanese-American relations generally grew closer.

Done In by Scandal

But Mr. Abe fell just short of his political goal when he was caught up in a major influence-peddling scandal, derailing his long and steady climb toward the prime ministership.

His involvement in the Recruit scandal of 1988, in which a political secretary accepted unlisted shares in a company seeking influence among top politicians, eliminated him from the race to run the Government.

But he continued to lead the second-largest faction in the Liberal Democratic Party. Along with Noboru Takeshita, a former Prime Minister who heads the party's largest faction, Mr. Abe exerted great influence over Japanese politics.

In 1989 he became ill, and despite constant suggestions that he might again be considered for the Prime Minister's job, his deteriorating health made that seem unlikely.

Mr. Abe was born on April 29, 1924, in Yamaguchi Prefecture, in western Japan. His father became mayor of his hometown and then was elected to Parliament in 1936 as a conservative.

After graduating from high school early in 1944, Mr. Abe entered a naval aviation school and volunteered to become a kamikaze pilot. But the war ended before he could undergo special training, and he went on to obtain a law degree from Tokyo University in 1949.

After graduation, he became a political reporter for Mainichi Shimbun, a leading national daily. His political career began when he married into a prominent political family. In 1951, he wed Yoko Kishi, the daughter of Nobusuke Kishi, who became Prime Minister a few years later.

Elected to Parliament

Mr. Abe left journalism in 1956 when his father-in-law was appointed Foreign Minister, and served as his secretary. He remained Mr. Kishi's secretary when Mr. Kishi was named Prime Minister in 1957.

In 1958, Mr. Abe was elected to the lower house of Parliament. He was re-elected 10 times.

In 1974 his rising stature was confirmed when he was named Minister of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries, the first of four Cabinet posts he held. Later, he served as chief Cabinet secretary, Minister of International Trade and Industry, and Foreign Minister.

Mr. Abe ran unsucessfully for the presidency of the Liberal Democratic Party twice -- against Yasuhiro Nakasone in 1982 and Mr. Takeshita in 1987. The job carries with it the Prime Ministership.

He became party secretary general in 1987 and was widely regarded as the leading candidate to succeed Mr. Takeshita. But the Recruit scandal brought down Mr. Takeshita, along with other top politicians, and halted Mr. Abe's rise.

Remained a Powerful Figure

Despite his failing health and infrequent public appearances, Mr. Abe continued as a power broker. His faction holds five of the 20 posts in the Cabinet of the current Prime Minister, Toshiki Kaifu.

Mr. Abe was last seen in public on April 18, when he attended a lunch for the visiting Soviet President, Mikhail S. Gorbachev. He had been hospitalized since January.

He is survived by his wife and two sons, Hironobu and Shinzo. A funeral service is scheduled Friday at Zojoji Temple in Tokyo.

-----------------52715-----------------------

George A. Strichman, former chairman of Colt Industries Inc., died of cancer Monday at the Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center. He was 72 years old and lived in New Rochelle, N.Y.

Mr. Strichman led a reorganization of Colt through acquisition and divestiture, dropping some of its firearms manufacturing and adding aerospace equipment. Mr. Strichman retired in 1984. Before joining Colt in 1963, he had been president of ITT Kellogg. Previously Mr. Strichman had worked for Raytheon and General Electric.

He was a former chairman of the overseers of the Jewish Theological Seminary of America and a member of its board of directors. Mr. Strichman was also a former chairman of the trustees of Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, of which he was an alumnus. He was born in Schenectady, N.Y. Surviving are his wife, Sandra; three sons, Larry, of Los Angeles, Jack, of Briarcliff Manor, N.Y., and Adam, of Fort Worth; a daughter, Eve, of Mamaroneck, N.Y., and a brother, Daniel, of Schenectady.

-----------------53150-----------------------

Roger Howdyshell, owner of one of the nation's few remaining manufacturers of toy marbles, died Thursday. He was 67 years old.

The cause of death was not disclosed.

Mr. Howdyshell had owned Marble King Inc. of Paden City, W. Va., for the last decade. He had been with the company and its predecessor for more than 40 years.

He promoted the game of marbles by conducting and helping others to conduct local tournaments. For 20 years he was a director of the National Marbles Tournament in Wildwood, N.J.

Company officials said Marble King Inc., which ships marbles around the world, would remain in operation.

-----------------53326-----------------------

Robert Z. Rosenthal, the former president of Martin's, a family-owned chain of women's apparel stores in Brooklyn, Long Island and New Jersey, died on Saturday at a hospital in Sarasota, Fla. He was 87 and moved to Sarasota from Sands Point, N.Y., in 1986.

He was president of the apparel chain from 1972, when it had five stores, to 1978, when it had six.

The chain was owned by the Zeitz family, of which he was a third-generation member. It was bought by the Seedman Merchandising Group in 1977, and after some years the stores ceased operating under the Martin's name.

He was president of the Metropolitan New York Retail Merchants Association from 1975 to 1978 and a director of the Fashion Institute of Technology.

Robert Zeitz Rosenthal was born in Brooklyn. He graduated from Poly Prep, a college preparatory school there, and from Cornell University. He served in the Pacific during World War II as a lieutenant in the Navy.

His wife, Ruth, died before him.

He is survived by two sons, Joseph, of Great Neck, N.Y., and Dr. Robert, of Dallas; and two grandsons.

-----------------53635-----------------------

Joseph Sloan, the owner of a supermarket chain in the Bronx, died yesterday at his home in Manhattan. He was 81 years old and died of cancer, his daughter-in-law, Judith Sloan, said.

Mr. Sloan was a graduate of Brooklyn Law School and owned seven supermarkets in the Bronx under the name Associated Supermarkets. He was also the operator of the Lincoln Fruit Exchange, also known as Sloan & Lampert, an association of about 30 food dealers in the Bronx. Before joining his father and brothers in the food business, Mr. Sloan was a partner in Sloan & Beller, a Bronx law firm.

He is survived by his wife, Lee; two sons, Morton, of Manhasset, L.I., and William, of Briarcliff Manor, N.Y.; a sister, Hilda Levine of the Bronx; a brother, Max, of Hollywood, Fla., and four grandchildren.

-----------------54040-----------------------

Harry A. Starr, an executive in New York's garment trucking industry, died on Aug. 17 at his home in Montclair, N.J. He was 71 years old.

Mr. Starr died of a heart attack, a spokesman for the family said.

Mr. Starr founded Coro Trucking in 1947, which later became Trucking Services Inc., now based in Jersey City. He was also president of H.H.I.S. Trucking Service, also in Jersey City. He served as a representative of the trucking industry on Mayor John V. Lindsay's commission to improve the business climate in New York in the early 1970's.

Mr. Starr was born in Brooklyn, attended City College and graduated from Rutgers University in Newark in 1939. After World War II, during which he served as an Army captain, he received a master's degree in business administration from New York University.

He is survived by his wife, the former Carol Schustrin; five sons, Michael, Richard, David and Gregory, all of Manhattan, and Philip, of Baton Rouge, La.; two sisters, Ethel Westreich of Maplewood, N.J., and Lee Wortzel of Westfield, N.J., and two grandchildren.

-----------------55408-----------------------

Irving Olan, a longtime leader in the retail and wholesale laundry industry in the New York metropolitan region, died on Jan. 23 at his home in Floral Park, Queens. He was 85 years old.

He died of heart failure, his family said.

Born in Russia, he came to the United States at the age of 14 with a brother and sister after they were orphaned. He began working in the laundry business in 1925 and remained active in it until his death. He became president of the Seacrest Linen Supply Company, based in Brooklyn, and also headed the Wholesale Laundry Board of Trade, an industry association.

Starting with a retail company that picked up and delivered domestic laundry, he expanded into the wholesale processing of laundry picked up by other delivery services. Later he expanded again, supplying rented linen and uniforms and other laundry services for institutions like hotels, restaurants, nursing homes and hospitals.

He was a 33d-degree Mason and the deputy grandmaster for the New York State Masonic district. For 30 years he was a fund-raiser for the Masons' summer camp for poor girls in Spring Valley, N.Y.

Surviving are his wife, the former Irene Goldberg; a daughter, Barbara Bernstein of Pomona, N.Y.; two sons, Bernard, of Great Neck, L.I., and Stanley, of Manhattan; six grandchildren, and three great-grandchildren.

-----------------55690-----------------------

Bernard J. Lasker, a former chairman of the New York Stock Exchange and fund-raiser for prominent Republicans like former President Richard M. Nixon and former Mayor John V. Lindsay of New York City, died yesterday at Mount Sinai Hospital in Manhattan. He was 81 years old and lived in Manhattan and in Greenwich, Conn.

He died of heart failure after an illness of several weeks, said James J. Fuld, a lawyer and friend of Mr. Lasker.

A native New Yorker and self-made businessman, known as Bunny, Mr. Lasker was probably best known as the chairman of the Big Board in 1970, when stock prices fell sharply and public confidence in the financial markets was sorely tested. Mr. Lasker shuttled between Washington and Wall Street, meeting with President Nixon and others to stabilize the stock market.

'Iron Sense of Duty'

To steady the financial system, Mr. Lasker helped orchestrate an orderly consolidation of the brokerage industry during that period, insuring that smaller, faltering firms could be taken over by larger, stronger firms. In "The Go-Go Years," a narrative chronicle of the 1968-70 period on Wall Street, the author John Brooks credited Mr. Lasker with playing a key role in helping the brokerage industry through the crisis, writing that he was "by all accounts and evidences a man of iron sense of duty and scrupulous professional rectitude."

William H. Donaldson, the chairman of the stock exchange, praised Mr. Lasker's contributions to the financial industry. "Bernard Lasker brilliantly led the New York Stock Exchange during a period of revolutionary change," Mr. Donaldson said. "In the decades he served on Wall Street, Bunny was held in the highest regard by everyone in the industry."

Mr. Lasker was born in Manhattan in 1910, the son of a sponge-and-chamois importer on Beaver Street. After attending the Franklin School, a private New York high school, he began his career on Wall Street in 1927 at the age of 17, as a runner for Hirsch, Lilienthal & Company. He rose steadily from carrying buy-and-sell orders and messages, to the sales-and-purchase department and assistant manager of a branch office. In 1939, he became a member of the New York Stock Exchange and, by 1968, he had become senior partner of his own firm, Lasker, Stone & Stern.

In 1969, Mr. Lasker was elected chairman of the board of governors of the New York Stock Exchange and served in that post until 1971.

Delegate to Conventions

As a youth, Mr. Lasker applied to the United States Military Academy but was not accepted, Mr. Fuld said. Still, his fondness for West Point was undiminished and, in later life, he enthusiastically supported the academy and was honored for his services. In 1984, he was named the chairman of the board of visitors, and Sept. 30, 1989, was declared "Bunny Lasker Day" at West Point. In 1990, he became the first honorary letterman at the academy.

For a quarter of a century, Mr. Lasker was active in Republican politics, mainly as a fund-raiser. In 1965, he was the chairman of the finance committee for Mr. Lindsay, who ran for Mayor as a Republican. Mr. Lasker served as a delegate to the Republican conventions in 1968, 1972 and 1976, and was the co-chairman of the Republican national finance committee from 1976 through 1986.

As a benefactor, Mr. Lasker contributed his time and money to several medical institutions including Mount Sinai Hospital, New York Hospital and the San Francisco Heart Institute. He was also a trustee for the Jewish Guild for the Blind and an active fund-raiser for the United Jewish Appeal-Federation.

Mr. Lasker retired from his Wall Street firm in 1989. His name and his nickname surfaced briefly in one of Wall Street's insider-trading cases in the 1980's, but he was never accused of any wrongdoing. In the case, the phrase "your bunny has a good nose" was mentioned by an investment banker to another stock trader as a way of confirming speculation about a corporate takeover deal passed on by Mr. Lasker.

He is survived by his wife, Lesley; a son, John, president of Camp Beverly Hills, a retail clothing-store chain based in Beverly Hills, Calif., and a daughter, Joan Sobel Lasker, vice president of corporate public relations for Cosmair Inc., a cosmetics company.

-----------------55728-----------------------

Julian J. McShane Jr., a former president and chief executive of the Jim Beam Brands Company, the makers of distilled beverages and other products, died on Sunday at his home in Peoria, Ill. He was 72 years old.

He died of gastro-intestinal bleeding, his family said.

Mr. McShane joined the Beam company in Chicago as a sales director in 1961 and became president and chief executive officer in 1977. He became the chairman of Beam in 1981 and was elected to the board of its parent company, American Brands Inc. He retired in 1984.

Mr. McShane was born in Memphis and attended Columbia University and Northwestern University's business school. He served in the Navy as a chief petty officer in World War II. After the war he worked for several years in sales management for the Squibb Corporation in Chicago.

Surviving are his wife, the former Jennie A. McGarry; six sons, Christopher J. McShane of Miami, Joseph E. McShane of Madison, Wis., Edward J. McShane of Escondido, Calif., Michael J. McShane of Gloucester Point, Va., and Paul A. McShane and Mark J. McShane, both of Oceanside, Calif.; three daughters, Marie T. Hanes of Rochester, N.Y., Jeanne M. Davis of Peoria and Therese A. Maltby of Staunton, Va., and 24 grandchildren.

-----------------56065-----------------------

Frank Stanton, a central figure in the development of television broadcasting in the United States and the industry's most articulate and persuasive spokesman during his nearly three decades as president of CBS, died Sunday afternoon at his home in Boston, a longtime friend, Elizabeth Allison, said.

He was 98 and had been in declining health, she said.

Dr. Stanton was the right-hand man of William S. Paley, the tycoon who built the Columbia Broadcasting System empire from a handful of struggling radio stations in 1928.

From 1946 to 1973, they operated as probably the greatest team in the history of broadcasting, making CBS, for a time, the most powerful communications company in the world, and the most prestigious. It was under Dr. Stanton and Mr. Paley that CBS, mixing entertainment programming with high-quality journalism and dashes of high culture, earned its reputation as the Tiffany Network.

As a brilliant corporate builder and a technologically minded executive, Dr. Stanton -- everybody used the ''doctor'' -- played a pivotal role in CBS's rise. He did so despite a relationship with Mr. Paley that was often strained and an object of puzzlement to those around them.

In her 1990 biography of Mr. Paley, ''In All His Glory,'' Sally Bedell Smith wrote: ''Temperamentally, the two men were opposites: Paley, the man of boundless charm, superficially warm but essentially heartless and self-absorbed; Stanton, the self-contained Swiss whose business acumen, decency and understated humor endeared him to his colleagues.

''Paley had a restless, readily satisfied curiosity while Stanton probed more deeply and was interested in a broader range of subjects,'' Ms. Smith continued. ''Paley acted from the gut; Stanton from the brain. Paley could be disorganized and unpredictable. Stanton was disciplined and systematic.''

The two men did not socialize. Ms. Smith wrote that Mr. Paley had resented Dr. Stanton's refusal to invite him to his home, calling his associate ''a closed-off, cold man.''

Dr. Stanton was admired by politicians, businessmen and fellow broadcasters as a principled executive with high aspirations. The industry turned to him to lead their battles against government involvement in radio and television programming.

During the early days of television, when Mr. Paley clung to the idea that network radio would remain CBS's meal ticket, Dr. Stanton realized that the company's prosperity would rest with television and diversification into areas like the long-playing phonograph, whose growth he guided after its development by Peter Goldmark.

In 1946, Dr. Stanton began charting CBS's sometimes painful growth as a television network. He was clear about what direction it should take. ''Television, like radio,'' Dr. Stanton said in 1948, ''should be a medium for the majority of Americans, not for any small or special groups; therefore its programming should be largely patterned for what these majority audiences like and want.''

Frank Nicholas Stanton was born on March 20, 1908, in Muskegon, Mich., the older of two sons of Frank Cooper Stanton, a woodworking and mechanics teacher, and the former Helen Schmidt. After his family moved to Dayton, Ohio, when he was a boy, Frank learned electronics at his father's workbench.

Young Frank majored in zoology and psychology at Ohio Wesleyan University, graduating in 1930 intending to become a doctor. But finding medical school too expensive, he accepted a scholarship to Ohio State to study psychology and earned a master's degree in 1932. A year earlier, he married Ruth Stephenson, whom he had met at Sunday school when they were both 14.

While he pursued a doctorate, studying ways to measure radio audiences, he invented a kind of forerunner of the Nielsen audimeter. Dr. Stanton's device could be installed inside a radio receiver to register what programs listeners were tuning in. Paul Kesten, a CBS executive, was so impressed that he offered Mr. Stanton a job in its two-man research department for $55 a week. The day after receiving his doctorate, in 1935, Dr. Stanton and his wife got in their Model A Ford and headed for New York.

By 1938, Dr. Stanton had become CBS's research director with a staff of 100. With the social scientist Paul F. Lazarsfeld, he invented a device called the program analyzer, which enabled CBS to track the responses of 100 listeners to a radio program, gauging their likes and dislikes. CBS used it for a half-century.

Dr. Stanton remained with the network during World War II while serving as a consultant to the Secretary of War, the Office of War Information and the Office of Facts and Figures. By 1945 he had become vice president and general manager of CBS. He became president the following year, at age 38, after Mr. Kesten, Mr. Paley's first choice for the job, declined. Mr. Kesten, citing poor health, recommended Dr. Stanton instead, and Mr. Paley invited Dr. Stanton to his Long Island estate. After dinner, they took a walk in the rain. Mr. Paley stunned his guest, saying, ''By the way, Frank, I want you to run the company.'' Mr. Paley said he wanted to be free of the day-to-day problems of running CBS.

As president, Dr. Stanton reorganized CBS into separate divisions for radio, television and laboratories. Programming was Mr. Paley's domain, though Dr. Stanton was responsible for moving CBS's biggest radio star of the 1940s, Arthur Godfrey, into television and taking a chance on a hard-drinking comic named Jackie Gleason.

''I think if there was anything I wanted to do with the company and I proposed it, there was a pretty good chance I could go ahead and do it,'' Ms. Smith quoted Dr. Stanton as saying.

But one person he could not control was Edward R. Murrow, CBS's most celebrated journalist. Mr. Murrow was close to Mr. Paley and repeatedly went over Dr. Stanton's head to discuss his plans or problems with Mr. Paley. Mr. Murrow regarded Dr. Stanton as a numbers-cruncher who knew little about news, and he tended to blame Dr. Stanton, not Mr. Paley, when management thwarted him.

When Mr. Murrow's acclaimed weekly program ''See It Now'' began to lose sponsors, Mr. Paley stepped in and cut the program to 8 or 10 broadcasts a year, before taking it off the air in 1958. Mr. Murrow's diminishment seemed to elevate Dr. Stanton's standing as a force at CBS News.

As network president, Dr. Stanton focused on the news division, creating an executive review board to keep news policy and editorializing separate. He combined the news and public affairs departments, increased the news department's budget and extended the nightly news to 30 minutes from 15 minutes. He also created the weekly investigative and news documentary program ''CBS Reports.''

In August 1958, the network was plunged into scandal after a contestant on the popular program ''The $64,000 Question'' revealed that he and others had been fed answers. Congressional and law-enforcement investigations were opened. Mounting his own investigation, Dr. Stanton forced the resignation of the executive responsible for the show and canceled the network's remaining quiz shows.

Dr. Stanton saw diversification as necessary to CBS's growth. The network began acquiring companies, publishing magazines and books, and producing Broadway shows like ''My Fair Lady,'' and it bought the New York Yankees. (The Yankees fared poorly under CBS, which sold the team to investors led by George Steinbrenner.)

Dr. Stanton oversaw the development of the network's symbol, the CBS Eye, designed by William Golden. And he was chiefly responsible for shepherding its headquarters, the Manhattan skyscraper known as Black Rock, into existence. He chose Eero Saarinen as the architect and fought with Mr. Paley over the austere International-style design, with its black exterior. Mr. Paley wanted the building to be pink.

In dealing with the government, Dr. Stanton could count on powerful friends, including Harry S. Truman and Lyndon B. Johnson. Yet he and Mr. Paley did not resist the anti-Communist hunts of the late 1940s and early 50s.

In 1950, to reassure advertisers and pressure groups, Dr. Stanton approved requiring CBS employees to take an oath of loyalty to the United States. The next year, with Mr. Paley's approval, Dr. Stanton created a security office staffed by former F.B.I. agents to investigate the political leanings of employees. Writers, directors and others were blacklisted. Years later, in 1999, upon receiving an award for his efforts on behalf of the First Amendment, Dr. Stanton conceded that the network's response to pressure might not have been the best one.

''I didn't have the wisdom, nor did anyone else,'' Mr. Stanton said. ''The head of the law department was one of the fairest people I've ever known. When he said this was the course we should follow, we went along with it.''

With the 1960 presidential election approaching, Dr. Stanton persuaded Congress to suspend the ''equal time'' provision in the Communications Act, making it possible to televise debates between the Democratic nominee, Senator John F. Kennedy, and his Republican rival, Vice President Richard M. Nixon, without including candidates of smaller parties. Those debates signaled the arrival of television as a dominant force in presidential politics.

Dr. Stanton bore much of the criticism when Washington objected to CBS News's coverage of the war in Vietnam, and was threatened with jail in 1971. CBS had broadcast an hourlong investigative report called ''The Selling of the Pentagon,'' about a $30 million campaign by the Defense Department to improve its image, and the House Interstate and Foreign Commerce Committee demanded that he turn over material cut from the program. When he refused to comply, he was called before the committee.

He said the order amounted to an infringement of free speech and freedom of the press under the First Amendment. ''If newsmen are told their notes, films and tapes will be subject to compulsory process so that the government can determine whether the news has been satisfactorily edited,'' he said, ''the scope, nature and vigor of their news reporting will be inevitably curtailed.''

The committee voted to cite him for contempt. But after an emotional debate, the full House rejected the committee's citation.

When the Nixon administration began attacking the networks over their war coverage, it was often Dr. Stanton who answered. ''Stanton was a firewall between the presidency and the reporters covering the White House,'' said Robert Pierpoint, a former CBS White House correspondent.

For years, Dr. Stanton believed he would get the top job at CBS -- chairman and chief executive -- when Mr. Paley reached age 65 in 1966. Mr. Paley had promised him the job, after all. Dr. Stanton was so certain that he rejected an opportunity to become head of the University of California and turned down President Johnson's offers to make him secretary of health, education and welfare or under secretary of state.

But Mr. Paley continued as chairman past his retirement age, and the relationship between the two men was never the same. In 1967, Dr. Stanton signed a new contract, which required him to step down as president in 1971 to become vice chairman and to remain in the post until his retirement at 65 in 1973.

After leaving that position, Dr. Stanton was chairman and chief operating officer of the American Red Cross for six years. He served on the boards of the Rockefeller Foundation, the Carnegie Institution, the Stanford Research Institute and Lincoln Center. He was also the first non-Harvard graduate in the 20th century to serve on the Harvard board, and he spent much of the rest of his life in Cambridge, Mass., working on university projects. He sat on the CBS board until 1978, then became a consultant until 1987, though he was seldom called on to consult.

For all his accomplishments at CBS, Dr. Stanton had left the network in disillusion, disappointment and sorrow, assessing it as ''just another company with dirty carpets.''

When he retired in 1973, he left Black Rock quietly, refusing to allow Mr. Paley to give him a party. His parting words were quoted by Lillian Ross in The New Yorker: ''I think I'll make it home in time for the 7 o'clock news.''

Dr. Stanton's wife, Ruth, died in 1992. Mrs. Allison, who with her husband, Graham, helped care for Dr. Stanton in recent years, said that there were no survivors.

She said that Dr. Stanton had directed that there be no memorial service and no donations in his memory, which she said reminded her of his attitude upon his departure from CBS.

''When he left, he just left,'' Mrs. Allison said. ''He was consistent, right to the end.''

-----------------56880-----------------------

William Pollock, general president of the Textile Workers Union of America from 1956 until 1972, died Wednesday at his home in Ocean City, N.J. He was 82 years old.

In 1976, four years after he retired as his union's president, the textile union merged with the Amalgamated Clothing Workers of America to form the Amalgamated Clothing and Textile Workers Union. It was a goal that Mr. Pollock had long sought to attain.

Mr. Pollock was born in Philadelphia of Scottish parents who came to the United States in 1876. He was one of nine children, all of whom were later active in trade unionism. He left high school in 1914 to work as an office boy and later found work as a shipfitter. When the postwar depression hit, he went into the textile trade.

He immediately joined Local 25, United Textile Workers, forerunner of the T.W.U.A., and became skilled as a negotiator and union official. In 1931, he became business agent of Local 25 and, in 1937, when the United Textile Workers voted to affiliate with the Congress of Industrial Organizations he joined the staff of the textile workers' organizing committee. He helped set up the Textile Joint Board in Philadelphia and was its first manager.

When other unions in the industry decided to band together and form the Textile Workers Union of America, Mr. Pollock, at its first constitutional convention, was elected general secretary-treasurer, He was re-elected to that post until 1953, when he was elected executive vice president.

When Emil Rieve, the union's first general president, did not seek re-election in 1956 because of ill health, Mr. Pollock was elected unanimously to the post. He was re-elected to seven more two-year terms.

Mr. Pollock was a member of the A.F.L.-C.I.O. executive council from 1967 until his retirement. He is survived by his wife, Anna; two sons, William Jr. and Kenneth, both of Philadelphia, and five grandchildren.

-----------------57287-----------------------

Angelus N. Cotsidas, a founder and chairman of the Table Talk Pastry Company, died on May 10, at his home in Westboro, Mass. He was 96.

Mr. Cotsidas, a Greek immigrant, started Table Talk in 1924, with Theodore Tonna and Wilfred A. Casavant. Initially, the company sold pastries to restaurants and hotels, but it expanded into the retail trade during the 1930's.

Table Talk introduced its junior pies, which were 4 inches in diameter, in the 1950's. The company grew from a local bakery based in Worcester, Mass., to an East Coast producer and distributor of more than a million cherry, blueberry, apple and other kinds of pies each week. At its peak, Table Talk employed 400 bakers out of 800 employees, and was responsible for transforming most of the annual blueberry crop of Prince Edward Island, Canada -- four million pounds -- into pies.

Mr. Cotsidas retired in 1968.

Table Talk was purchased in 1965 by Beech-Nut and was sold several times before it closed in 1984. Table Talk was revived two years later by Christos Cocaine, who left the company in 1979.

Mr. Cotsidas is survived by his wife, Eva, of Westboro; a daughter, Valerie Pappas of Boston; a son, Nicholas Cotsidas of Solana Beach, Calif., and seven grandchildren.

-----------------57787-----------------------

Nat Warman, the president of the Dumont Camera Corporation, a major Manhattan supplier of photographic and electronic equipment, died of cancer Wednesday at Lenox Hill Hospital. He was 65 years old and lived in Great Neck, L.I.

His wife of 44 years, Faye, died in June. He is survived by two daughters, Joyce Fabrey of Garden City, L.I., and Judith Goldstein of Roslyn, L.I.; two brothers, Morris Warman of Forest Hills, Queens, and Dr. Earl Warman of Union, N.J.; three sisters, Sara Sussman of Jamaica Estates, Queens; Julia Klein of Bellerose, Queens, and Balfour Frankel of Cedarhurst, L.I., and four grandchildren.

-----------------57957-----------------------

Harold Oliver Voorhis, former senior vice president and secretary of New York University, died of cancer Aug. 31 at Northside Convalescent Center in Atlanta, where he had lived in recent years. He was 89 years old.

Until his retirement in 1962, Mr. Voorhis had been associated with New York University for 42 years, first as a student and an economics teacher in the early 1920's and, after 1925, as secretary. He was also vice chancellor from 1945 to 1956, when the title was changed to senior vice president.

Over the years, Mr. Voorhis's signature appeared on 183,000 N.Y.U. diplomas and he wrote and delivered at commencement exercises some 300 citations for honorary degrees. At his retirement, N.Y.U. awarded him an honorary doctorate of laws and letters, and the citation called him ''a master of June's own literary form: the honorary degree citation.''

Mr. Voorhis was born in Kokomo, Ind., on July 29, 1896. He graduated from Colgate University in 1919, after interrupting his studies to serve in World War I as an Army lieutenant. He earned a master's degree in economics from N.Y.U. in 1922.

Mr. Voorhis, whose ancestors were Dutch, was a former president of the Netherlands-American Foundation and of the Holland Society of New York. Queen Juliana of the Netherlands in 1959 made him a Commander of the Order of Orange-Nassau. He was a trustee emeritus of Colgate and a former trustee of the Parsons School of Design.

His wife, Rosalie M. Voorhis, died in 1980. He is survived by two sisters, Dorothy DeHart and Virginia Frost, both of Plainfield, N.J.; three daughters, Patricia Grinnell of Santa Barbara, Calif.; Joanna Beattie of New Castle, Del., and Katrina Mabon of Atlanta; seven grandchildren, and one great-grandchild.

A memorial service will be held at 3:30 P.M. Oct. 2 at the Crescent Avenue Presbyterian Church in Plainfield.

-----------------58248-----------------------

Former Gov. Marvin Mandel, whose record of modernizing Maryland's state government was overshadowed by a messy divorce and a fraud conviction for helping associates profit from a racetrack deal, died on Sunday in St. Mary's County, Md. He was 95.

Gov. Larry Hogan, who confirmed the death, ordered that flags throughout the state be flown at half-staff. The cause of death was not given.

Mr. Mandel, a Democrat, was first elected governor by the state legislature, where he was speaker of the House of Delegates, when Spiro T. Agnew, a Republican, resigned to become vice president in 1969 under President Richard M. Nixon. Voters elected Mr. Mandel in 1970 and again in 1974.

Before he was indicted, in 1975, Mr. Mandel had compiled a substantial record as governor, including placing strict limits on carrying handguns, protecting the environment, streamlining the court system, helping Washington and Baltimore build subways, and having the state assume school construction costs that were burdening localities.

In an interview for this obituary in 2011, he said he was proudest of his reorganization of the state government, in which 248 independent agencies were consolidated into 12 cabinet-level departments. ''We reduced the government to a sizable figure of agencies where we could adequately work with them,'' he said. ''You have no idea how difficult it was to get them to surrender their 'freedom,' as they called it.'' He added, ''I had legislators crawling out of my pocket.''

In his first two legislative sessions, 93 of the 95 measures he proposed were enacted. But it was a later legislative episode that brought him down and sent him to prison for 19 months before President Ronald Reagan commuted his sentence in 1981.

In 1971, the owners of Marlboro, a decrepit half-mile racetrack, won approval from the legislature to double its allotment of racing days to 36 from 18. But Mr. Mandel vetoed the bill.

The veto depressed Marlboro's value, and several of Mr. Mandel's close friends began buying stock in the track. In December, one of them, W. Dale Hess, a former state House majority leader, gave the governor a $320,000 share of a profitable investment company that owned land leased by the federal government for the Social Security Administration.

Mr. Mandel also received real estate, jewelry and vacation trips, prosecutors said.

Then, in January 1972, the legislature overrode Mr. Mandel's veto, with most of his allies there surprisingly voting to override. Marlboro, now with twice as many racing days as it previously had, suddenly became more valuable. Mr. Mandel insisted as late as 1975 that he had not known that his friends were investors.

His conviction -- by the same federal prosecutors who had pursued Mr. Agnew on bribetaking charges, forcing him to resign as vice president in 1973 -- was not universally popular in Maryland. Some of Mr. Mandel's defenders said his actions on the racetrack had not been criminal but simply a matter of traditional state political practice.

His conviction and three-year prison sentence were ultimately set aside by a federal court in 1987. That decision did not bear on what the jury had found; rather, it turned on a Supreme Court decision concluding that denying Marylanders the ''intangible'' benefit of honest government -- as the charges had read -- did not constitute a crime under the federal fraud statute.

Congress promptly amended the statute to cover such an offense, but Mr. Mandel's conviction had been wiped away, and he got his law license back. He practiced business law in Baltimore and Annapolis, did some lobbying, served on the board of the University of Maryland and advised Robert Ehrlich, a Republican who served as governor from 2003 to 2007.

Mr. Mandel insisted that he had done nothing wrong. In a 2010 memoir, ''I'll Never Forget It: Memoirs of a Political Accident From East Baltimore,'' he wrote, ''I said then, and I say now, that I never did anything illegal as governor of Maryland.''

Bradford Jacobs, an editor of The Baltimore Evening Sun, offered a broader appraisal in a 1984 book, ''Thimbleriggers'' (that word describes operators of a shell game played with thimbles).

''He played legislators as one would keys on a piano,'' Mr. Jacobs wrote, after praising Mr. Mandel for keeping ''the state budget commendably tight'' while enacting a progressive, modernizing agenda. ''He was excellent at legislating, competent at administering, and an embarrassment at acknowledging the difference, publicly perceived, between right and wrong.''

Mr. Mandel was born in Baltimore on April 19, 1920, and grew up there. He served in the Army after graduating from the University of Maryland Law School in 1942. He was elected to the House of Delegates in 1952 and rose quickly, becoming chairman of the city's delegation and the ways and means committee before becoming speaker in 1963.

The criminal case against him attracted special attention because it was intertwined with Mr. Mandel's divorce, an event that he and his wife both later called a ''soap opera.''

In July 1973 he issued a news release announcing that he was going to divorce Barbara Mandel, his wife of 32 years, and marry Jeanne Blackistone Dorsey. His statement implied that he had discussed the matter with his wife.

Mrs. Mandel, known as Bootsie, responded by saying that ''Marvin has not discussed this with me'' and that ''the governor crawled out of my bed this morning.'' She added, ''He should see a psychiatrist.''

Of her successor in the governor's heart, she said, ''How can she be a first lady when she isn't a lady first?''

Mrs. Mandel refused to move out of the governor's mansion, causing the governor to stay in a hotel and then in an apartment. She agreed to leave in December after a divorce settlement of over $500,000 had been negotiated.

But the governor, who married Mrs. Dorsey on the day his divorce became final in 1974, did not have that kind of money. As his trial and a lawsuit filed by Mrs. Mandel showed, much of the money was put up by Irvin Kovens, one of the others convicted in the mail fraud case.

Mr. Mandel's second wife died in 2001. He is survived by a son, Gary, and a daughter, Ellen M. Maltz, from his first marriage; a stepdaughter, Helen Dorsey; three stepsons, Paul, Philip and John Dorsey; and four grandchildren.

Reprinted from Monday's late editions.

-----------------58319-----------------------

MANILA -- Esmail Kiram II, the self-proclaimed sultan of Sulu who in 2013 encouraged a last-ditch, violent effort to regain part of the Malaysian island of Borneo for the Philippines, died on Saturday at a hospital in Zamboanga City in the southern Philippines. He was 75.

A sultanate spokesman, Abraham Idjirani, said the cause was kidney failure. Mr. Kiram was buried on Monday in an ancestral graveyard on Jolo Island in the Sulu Archipelago.

Though he claimed the title of sultan of Sulu, several other descendants of the original sultan, who lived in the 15th century, make the same claim. Before Spanish colonizers arrived in the 16th century, the sultanate of Sulu ruled over vast stretches of territory, including parts of what is now the southern Philippines and Borneo.

Mr. Kiram, who was born on Nov. 9, 1939, in Maimbung, the Philippines, issued a directive for the descendants of the original sultan to unite in the peaceful pursuit of the sultanate's historical claim to the part of Borneo that borders the southern Philippines, Mr. Idjirani said in a text message. Mr. Kiram's younger brother, Phugdal Kiram, was named the new sultan, he said.

With the support of Mr. Kiram, the previous sultan, Jamalul Kiram III, ordered several hundred fighters to invade the Malaysian state of Sabah on Borneo in 2013 to reclaim the area for the sultanate and for the Philippines.

The attack left more than 60 people dead, set off the most serious security crisis in Malaysia in more than a decade and strained the country's relationship with the Philippines.

The sultanate's claim to parts of Borneo is based on past control over the area, and the Philippine government has said repeatedly that it continues to study the issue and has not given up on the claim.

The Kirams say Sabah was leased to Malaysia. Malaysian officials contend that, in exchange for lease payments to the Kirams, the sultanate ceded the territory to their country.

Over the years, the once powerful sultanate of Sulu has lost influence to other groups, becoming essentially a symbolic organization, said Richard Javad Heydarian, a political science professor at De La Salle University in Manila.

''As the botched Sabah operation showed, their political influence is very limited,'' he said.

The Philippine government signed a landmark peace agreement in 2012 with the Moro Islamic Liberation Front, the largest Muslim separatist group in the country. The smaller Moro National Liberation Front, which is allied with some of the descendants of the sultan of Sulu, was largely left out of the peace talks. Other factions on the southern Philippine island of Mindanao have replaced the political power of the sultanate, Mr. Heydarian said.

''Mindanao has gradually moved to a postsultanate era, which is dominated by rebels, warlords and modern warfare,'' he said.

-----------------58921-----------------------

James P. Grant, the American foreign aid expert who in 1980 became executive director of Unicef and made it into a major force for helping children, died yesterday at Northern Westchester Hospital Center in Mount Kisco, N. Y. He was 72 and lived in Croton, N.Y.

The cause of death was cancer, Unicef officials said. Mr. Grant resigned from the United Nations Children's Fund last week.

The direction and urgency he gave to Unicef have widely been credited with helping to save millions of children's lives. Mr. Grant, who had also been an Under Secretary General of the United Nations, was still traveling and promoting what he called his "child survival revolution" until late last year.

His message was simple: low-cost, practical methods for saving young lives and curtailing the spread of easily preventible diseases can quickly make a difference. He advocated treating diarrhea, a leading killer of children, using doses of water, sugar, and salt that village people could make themselves.

To measure the successes and sometimes the failures of Unicef and the countries it assisted, Mr. Grant introduced an annual report, The State of the World's Children, now in its 15th year. In 1990, he organized a World Summit for Children, which he considered a highlight of his career.

In a statement after Mr. Grant's death, Secretary General Boutros Boutros-Ghali said: "Very few men or women ever have the opportunity to do as much good in the world as James Grant. And very few have ever grasped that opportunity with such complete and dedicated commitment."

In 1994, Mr. Grant received the Presidential Medal of Freedom from President Clinton, who cited him for his "compassion and courage in his crusade for the world's children."

Mr. Grant was born in Beijing on May 12, 1922, the son of a public health expert working in Asia. He received a bachelor of arts degree from the University of California at Berkeley and a law degree from Harvard.

He began a lifelong career in international service in the 1940's, working with the United Nations Relief and Rehabilitation Administration in China.

In 1962 he became Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for Near East and South Asian Affairs and a deputy director of the International Cooperation Administration, a precursor of the United States Agency for International Development. In 1964, he moved to Turkey to head the American aid mission there.

Three years later, Mr. Grant was appointed an assistant administrator of the Agency for International Development, serving until 1969, when he helped found the Overseas Development Council and became its president and chief executive officer. He remained there until moving to Unicef in 1980.

In 1943, Mr. Grant married Ethel Henck. The couple had three sons, John, James, and William. His wife died of a heart attack in 1988 on a trip in India. In 1989 he married Ellan W. Young, a photographer. He is survived by his wife, his sons and five grandchildren.

-----------------59364-----------------------

Kay R. Whitmore, who led the Eastman Kodak Company for three tumultuous years before being fired in 1993 because he did not cut costs fast enough to satisfy investors, died here on Monday. He was 72.

His death was announced by the company. The cause of Mr. Whitmore's death was not disclosed, but he learned that he had leukemia about a month ago.

A chemical engineer by training, Mr. Whitmore joined Kodak in 1957 and worked his way up through its photographic film business over the next 25 years. He was elected president in 1983 and succeeded Colby Chandler as chairman and chief executive in June 1990.

He came under intense pressure in April 1993 when Christopher Steffen, hired months earlier from the outside to be chief financial officer, abruptly quit because of disagreements with him over how to improve Kodak's flagging financial performance.

In 1991, Mr. Whitmore had approved early retirement packages that led to 8,300 layoffs and, the next year, cut his own salary by 19 percent, to $1.15 million.

In January of 1993, Mr. Whitmore ordered the ''involuntary layoffs'' of 2,000 employees, saying it would cost less than what had been Kodak's traditional method of providing incentives for early retirement, and that it would ''send a signal to Wall Street.''

At the same time, Mr. Whitmore announced a plan to create a new committee of the directors to keep a closer watch on management operations at Kodak.

He also cut research and development costs, saying that the reductions would not stunt Kodak's ability to generate new products.

In an effort to tie Kodak's fortunes more closely to the people who led it, he initiated a plan to require all high-level executives to buy shares equal to one year's base pay.

But Mr. Whitmore was ousted in August 1993 by Kodak's board, which said that he had not done enough to cut costs and enhance earnings. Two weeks later, Kodak moved to cut 10,000 jobs, or about 10 percent of its work force.

''This is no small moment in my life,'' the taciturn Mr. Whitmore told employees in a parting message. ''But the company must improve its overall performance.''

Mr. Whitmore said he had planned to announce a restructuring plan in September 1993 to reverse Kodak's fortunes.

Kodak's directors credited Mr. Whitmore with reducing debt, improving cash flow and streamlining a wide range of businesses. ''However, we believe there is a clear need to move faster and further on operating cost efficiencies and enhanced earnings,'' they said at the time.

A native of Salt Lake City, Mr. Whitmore traveled to England the year after his dismissal to run a Mormon mission, a nonpaying post.

Mr. Whitmore is survived by his wife, Yvonne, and their children Richard, Kimberly, Michele, Cynthia, Suzanne and Scott.

-----------------59688-----------------------

Dr. Saul Orkin, president of Union County College in Cranford, N.J., died, apparently of a heart attack, Friday evening at his home in Hillsborough, N.J. He was 60 years old.

A 1941 graduate of Union, Dr. Orkin had served as its president since 1974 and presided over its merger last year with Union County Technical Institute. The merger led to Union's conversion to a public institution. As a private institution, the two-year school was known as Union College.

Dr. Orkin had earlier served as the school's director of admissions and as social sciences department chairman.

He received an A.B. degree from Rutgers University, where he was elected to Phi Beta Kappa; a master's degree in political science from the University of Michigan, and a doctorate in public law and government from Columbia University. He joined Union College's faculty in 1955, teaching government, history and economics.

Dr. Orkin was credited with starting the college's Institute for Intensive English in Elizabeth, N.J.

In 1967, he was the founding dean of Somerset County College in Branchburg, N.J., before returning to Union College.

Dr. Orkin is survived by his wife, Maria; a brother, Robert, of Long Beach, Calif.; and two sons, Philip, of Milwaukee, and Neil.

-----------------59886-----------------------

Eugene S. Hooper. a former president of the Manufacturers Trust Company, now Manufacturers Hanover Trust, died of cancer Sunday at his home in Englewood, N.J. He was 85 years old.

Mr. Hooper joined the National Bank of Commerce of New York as a clerk in 1919 following his graduation from the University of Texas. He went to Manufacturers Trust in 1929 and was named vice president in 1939 and a senior vice president in 1951. He was elected a director in 1955 and became president the following year. He retired in 1960.

Mr. Hooper is survived by his wife, the former Nancy Mowry; a daughter, Lindsay Cavanagh of Newburyport, Mass., and four grandchildren.

-----------------60198-----------------------

Paul Miller, who presided over the Gannett Co. for 16 years as it grew into the nation's largest newspaper group, died Wednesday at Good Samaritan Hospital in West Palm Beach, Fla. He was 84 years old.

Mr. Miller, who had homes in Palm Beach and Pittsford, N.Y., outside of Rochester, died of pneumonia, according to The Assocated Press, which Mr. Miller also headed during his tenure as president and chairman of Gannett.

He was the first employee of The A.P. to lead the news service, a cooperative operated for its member newspapers.

Although much of his career was spent as an executive, Mr. Miller always thought of himself as a reporter. He was one of only three reporters who, in 1945, boarded an Army C-54 Skymaster, the "Globester,"for a 151-hour, globe-circling flight that took off and landed in Washington, D.C. The flight marked the opening of a weekly service by the Army's Air Transport Command and presaged global commercial service.

Inspired Acclaimed Series

Even after he became an executive, Mr. Miller seized opportunities to write a story. In 1971, while vacationing in the Far East, he interviewed Eisaku Sato, then Japan's prime minister, and filed a story.

In 1963, while president of Gannett, Mr. Miller inspired a series of articles on the positive aspects of integration that would win a Pulitzer Prize for Public Service for his newspaper chain.

Born in Diamond, Mo., on Sept. 28, 1906, Mr. Miller's career in journalism began when at the age of 15 he won a national editorial-writing contest for high school students. "Inflated by this triumph," he said, "I hung around the Pawhuska, Okla., Daily Journal until they gave me a job."

Mr. Miller left Oklahoma A&M, now Oklahoma State University, to edit The Daily Leader in Okemah, Okla. Okemah "was a tough town," Mr. Miller once said. Readers there were not satisfied to write a complaining letter to the editor.

"The phone would ring," Mr. Miller said, "and the call always went about like this: 'Is this the editor? Well, get set. I'm coming down to beat the hell out of you.'

On March 10, 1932, Mr. Miller was hired as a rewrite man by The A.P.'s office in Columbus, Ohio. There he met Louise Johnson, an editor for The Columbus Journal, whom he would marry seven months later.

Move to Gannett

Over the next decade, Mr. Miller worked his way through a series of reporting positions with The A.P. to become the service's bureau chief in Washington.

Mr. Miller joined Gannett in 1947, serving as executive assistant to the founder, Frank E. Gannett. He soon took on added duties as editor and publisher of The Rochester Times-Union in New York, an afternoon paper, and publisher its morning counterpart, The Democrat and Chronicle.

Retaining his positions on the Rochester papers, Mr. Miller succeeded Mr. Gannett in 1957 as president and chief executive officer of the chain.

The Gannett group then included 19 daily newspapers in four states. Under Mr. Miller's leadership, it began making acquisitions, not in big cities but in growing communities.

By the time he became chairman of Gannett in 1970, the company's holdings included 53 daily newspapers in 16 states and on Guam. Gannett now owns 82 daily newspapers with a total circulation of 6.4 million, making it the nation's largest newspaper group.

Mr. Miller's successor at Gannett, Allen H. Neuharth, devotes a chapter of his autobiography, "Confessions of an S.O.B.," to describing how he maneuvered to replace Mr. Miller as chief executive in 1973.

Mr. Miller was elected president of The Associated Press, a part-time position, in 1963. The title was changed to chairman in 1972.

That year, he and other executives of The A.P. negotiated an agreement with the Chinese news agency, Hsinhua, for the exchange of news and photos. It marked the first time in 22 years that an American news organization had established a regular news link with China.

Mr. Miller retired as chairman of The A.P. in 1977, and as chairman of Gannett a year later.

Besides his wife, he is survived by a daughter, Jean Miller Gordon; three sons, Ranne, Paul, and Kenper; two sisters, Elizabeth Wright and Louise Campbell; a brother, Horace; 10 grandchildren, and one great-grandson.

-----------------60682-----------------------

Alphonse Marie Nkubito, a former Justice Minister of Rwanda and an outspoken voice for human rights and the rule of law, died on Feb. 13 at his home in the capital city of Kigali. He was 42.

According reports from Rwanda radio, Mr. Nkubito, the founding president of the Rwandan Association for the Defense of Human Rights, died of unspecified natural causes.

Mr. Nkubito, who had survived two assassination attempts, began the process of rebuilding Rwanda's shattered justice system after four months of genocidal slaughter in 1994.

For Mr. Nkubito, a moderate Hutu who served as Justice Minister under the insurgent Tutsi Government from July 1994 to August 1995, the task of prosecuting more than 50,000 Hutu militants accused of killing as many as one million of the minority Tutsi was an opportunity as well as a challenge. He saw it as a chance to use the ideals of law and justice to bridge the country's ethnic hatreds and break the cycle of rampage and revenge that had plagued Rwanda since he was a child.

Born into a Hutu peasant family in 1954 in the waning days of an ancient Tutsi monarchy that had ruled under Belgian supervision since 1916, Mr. Nkubito was 5 years old when a Hutu uprising killed tens of thousands of Tutsi and drove half the Tutsi population into exile, primarily in neighboring Uganda.

There, as Hutu in Rwanda consolidated their power under the dictatorship of Maj. Gen. Juvenal Habyarimana, the Tutsi, whose cattle-raising ancestors had subjugated the pastoral Hutu centuries earlier, proceeded to build an army. Many of the well-drilled, well-equipped soldiers who began raiding Rwanda in 1990 and conquered the country in 1994 were the children of the exiles of the 1950's.

A promising student in secondary school, Mr. Nkubito was admitted to the new University of Rwanda School of Law, graduating with its second class, in 1978, after submitting a prescient dissertation on "Homicide and Its Repression in Rwanda."

Mr. Nkubito, who went to work for the Justice Ministry and rose to become chief prosecutor for the Court of Appeals in Kigali, became so uneasy with the routine abuses of justice he witnessed that in September 1990 he helped found the human rights defense association.

The next month, when Rwanda was invaded by Tutsi exiles from Uganda, and the Government jailed without charge 10,000 suspected rebel sympathizers, Mr. Nkubito used his authority to free hundreds of them before the Government intervened and transferred him to a provincial court.

Undaunted, Mr. Nkubito, whose action had made him a hero to some in Rwanda, toured the country preaching reconciliation while accusing the Government of corruption and of crippling the justice system.

After General Habyarimana grudgingly accepted a constitution providing for a multiparty system in 1991, Mr. Nkubito returned to his post in Kigali. But as fighting between Government forces and the Rwandan Liberation Front ebbed and surged over the next two years, Mr. Nkubito became an increasing irritant, so much so that in November 1993 he was seriously wounded in a grenade attack on his car by what his supporters describe as a Government assassination squad.

Five months later, when the death of General Habyarimana, whose plane was shot down under mysterious circumstances on April 6, 1994, set off a well-planned, highly coordinated attack on the Tutsi minority and others by the Rwandan military, Mr. Nkubito was tipped off that a death squad was on its way to kill him. He escaped once again, eventually making his way to Belgium.

When he accepted the position as Justice Minister after the Tutsi takeover in July, Mr. Nkubito did not alter his stance. He repeatedly denounced Government abuses and insisted on a full measure of due process for the thousands of Hutu detainees, many of them jailed on the strength of unsubstantiated denunciations by personal enemies.

His scrupulous approach was used against him in October 1995, when he was ousted, ostensibly for dragging his feet in bringing the accused to trial. According to his friends, he was actually removed because he had sharply objected during a raucous Cabinet meeting to Government-sanctioned killings.

After his dismissal, Mr. Nkubito became a director of the Bank of Kigali, but devoted much of his energies to investigating human rights abuses.

Mr. Nkubito's small house in Kigali was often crowded with visitors seeking his advice on personal problems. Friends recalled that he paid no heed to those who urged him to leave the country for his own safety. He recently told a friend that he never went to bed at night expecting to see the day and never got up in the morning expecting to live to nightfall.

Mr. Nkubito was found dead in his bed by a member of his household staff. He was overweight and suffered from hypertension and diabetes.

Mr. Nkubito, whose wife and their three children died of illnesses several years ago, is survived by a son, Theophili, from a previous relationship.

