BRAINSTORM:
	OK --
	What bad-ass things would I like to help out with / complete?

	more accurate name detection.
	more comprehensive 1st sentence fixes
	going back into original files themselves
		cleaning up the cleaning code,
		re-running the cleaning scripts, fixing the small errors we've seen (and retrieving paragraphs)

FROM MEETING:

	immediately export a CSV or XLS of synsets
	stable way of referring easily (with a number) to cases, deleting, retrieving, etc.
		maybe include date in the ID number
	go through the old processing thingies n stuff --

LAST MEETING:

	think a little more about the hand coding system itself...

	domains

	and machine learning :D
		maybe for generalization

	TODO TASKS

	Add a jupyter folder that provides a log of program changes,
		running text file, describing changes made to the code --
		only do retrospective if I think it's good for me..
	Occ roles linked to name (Adm. Dewey, The Rev. Upright, Dr. Doolittle)
	Capability to search for a given string, in title and/or first sentence (currently can search whole article)
		**done**
	Eliminate occupations that are not the obituarized: “secretary to the president”, “he once met the president”, “medical examiner says he is dead”
	Tough: actors described as stars, but played a doctor on TV --
	we should explore and test the "director of X", "authority on X" coding strategy
	occupation of kinships? cool!

	TODAY:

	Eliminate name from occ words search, in title and first sentence (currently Joseph Smith could be identified as a smith)
		maybe just case insensitive
			President of the United States
		maybe delete the name from the first sentence before processing

		done, but I couldn't find any examples of it actually happening (smith, baker)
			archer
			butler
			rector

	Capability to see hits, false positives etc, for terms in synonym sets alone (makes easier to review how theyre performing. Otherwise have to wade thru the many occwords matches)
		DONE --

	Embedded terms (“vice president” should be linked to vice president, not president
		DONE --

	Some cases where the first sentence gets corrupted -- location, "NY TIMES" etc -- end up with a fragment of the first sentence as the first sentence.
		fixed some good ones.
		now, any all-caps shit is removed
		made the (AP) matching more general
		captured 80% of cases I saw, and ideas about the few exceptions

	we should somewhat expand and test the synset occupations vocabulary